{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the time doesn't come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I arrive back at class, I'm just in time to catch the beginning of our English class, and there's hardly time to talk to anyone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...and then Meiko is gone as soon as class lets out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I mean to catch her, but from her all I get is a quick wave before she vanishes into the chaos. I'd tail her but there's someone standing in my way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, Natsumi. I was about to talk to Meiko about - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "About the test tomorrow?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, about - " }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Then you're talking about the wrong thing! We've got study group."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh. I kind of forgot about that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "This is why you're going to fail."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Don't remind me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Well come on, let's get going. This is so unfair anyway. What kind of teacher just throws tests into the middle of the year? Midterms are good enough for everyone else, but no, Kunida's got to..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We take the stairs down to the library as Natsumi gripes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I kind of wish she'd walk faster or else I'll be forced to pair up with her again. And in that case I'd get just as much studying done as if I'd stayed home and helped Kenta embalm his bugs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When we arrive, my worst fear is realized. Everyone's already sitting down, paired up. It looks the whole class is down here too, although I don't spot Hagami. The only ones not sitting are Meiko at the front, and...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hikari!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Oh. Hello Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I run over before Natsumi can claim my partner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey. I don't know why I didn't expect to see you here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Probably because I've gotten antisocial."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, whatever. Do you want to get started on the practice problems?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "The what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kunida handed them out this morning. Were you not in class again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "And I'm more hear to watch people than study, really."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're not worried about tomorrow?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm interrupted by a tap on the shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Takeru. I hope some of Kenta has rubbed off on you since last time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "We're partners again, so you better not be as useless as before or I'm toast."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Is there seriously no one else you can team up with?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I scan the room but the only two who notice are a pair of guys I recognize as baseball players, sitting in the back row. They both quickly pretend not to notice me. Guess Natsumi has a reputation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You'll have to find a group of three or something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Why? Who are you working with?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I was looking away, Hikari must've slipped out of the room. She's now outside, watching us through the glass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Damn it anyway."}}