{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As expected, Natsumi and I are only productive when Meiko or some other kind soul has a spare moment to guide us along.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm about to call it early and just go back to the dorms when stands up and stretches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Takeru, what happened? Weren't you supposed to steal Kenta's brain for me? What went wrong?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I forgot. Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Useless, useless..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Let's just get Meiko to show us how to do this one. Once she's done with those traitors over there, of course."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi glares at her teammates across the aisle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Those guys, not jumping in to help out their captain..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Can't blame them..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You want to say that a little louder?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That's what I thought, especially when this is the second time you've let me down in the info-gathering department. Third, if you count last study session."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Then what was the first?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You never got me the dirt on Meiko!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "There's do dirt. Besides, do you really care about that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Kind of. I mean, she obviuosly does. You're sure you don't have some scoop you're hiding from everyone?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. We grew up in the same neighborhood. That's about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you mean Meiko cares about it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Listen, I know you guys go way back but Meiko and I have been best buds since day one here at Mirako so I've been able to mostly piece together when something's on her mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "And since you showed up she's been weirder, somehow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's probably just the festival."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Maybe. But if you're holding out on me and there actually is something juicy... I won't forgive you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "What're you two arguing about."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh! Hey Meiko! Takeru keeps saying number 23 is unsolveable but I know I'm right about this one and he just can't say he's wrong."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Don't throw me under the bus like that. Weren't you the one that - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "So if you can show us how to solve it I'm sure Takeru would love it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Sure, which problem again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko demonstrates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I still fail to learn anything useful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a pretty crystalized summary of the entirety of today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I'm going to be cramming all night at this rate. This sucks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Maybe we should give up and go back to that blackmail plan."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Blackmail plan?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah, the one I had this morning. You get leverage on Meiko, get the answers from her, then pass them to me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Okay, first, what leverage? And second why would I pass anything to you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "It's my idea so you owe me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Brilliant idea, Natsumi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Thanks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I should've forced Hikari to stick around..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "What're you muttering about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, I forgot, there's some sort of code of Hikari silence."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Still not reading you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's fine. I'll ask Meiko later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi still has her eyes on the math textbook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "...You know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I really wouldn't do that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Do what? Talk to Meiko?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Like I said she's been..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Well. Something's on her mind. The Mirako festival, your showing up out of nowhere, or something else, I don't know, maybe she secretly is worried about Kunida's dumb test."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "But something's got her gears grinding recently, so..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I just wouldn't bring that up. If you care about Meiko."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Bring up Hikari?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I mean, that's what I said, yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looks up but I still can't read the look in Natsumi's eye. Something about it is... off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I know I joke around a lot but I'm serious for once."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NASTUMI: "Don't bring up uncomfortable stuff for no reason."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I actually think I'm going to head out. See you Natsumi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey, good luck tomorrow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But she still doesn't look me in the eye as I walk out the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What was that about? She's really going to just sit there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I find it difficult to believe anything could get under Meiko's skin. My thought is more that Natsumi is the ringleader of some sort of clique-y group or... something around here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's what sports team captains are supposed to be like, right?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But this is some backwater specialty school, not Tohoku. These things don't happen here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tohoku...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was it like this back there? Unspoken codes about unspeakable students? I don't really remember it like that but who can say if I remember anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After all... There's still that letter burning a hole in my backpack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wonder if it's Jun telling me that I'm now an unmentionable in the Tohoku locker room. Whatever. I shouldn't care about them any more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nevertheless, I'm still lost enough in my head that I wander down a familiar staircase into the unused wing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Isn't that the tearoom on the left?}}