{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not a memory, exactly. Not a dream, either. I'm just back on the pitcher's mound again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before that, wait - practice at Tohoku. I think it's my last? Right before the end of last year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The locker rooms at Tohoku are top-notch of course. I think half the minor league teams would be envious of this place. Hell, my locker even has my name on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then again, half the other guys have unmarked doors. You probably have to be like me to get your name printed on everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My guess is it's another half year, I'll be in the ads, fall tournament - I've been here before. Twice. Probably more times but those were all dreams and I know that now this time I'm standing here, in front of my locker, must be the actual thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Right, Hifumi. Our old ace. Made an ass of himself in the tournament. Now I have his locker and his spot in the rotation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hifumi himself, now, is consigned to one of the anonymous lockers. Next to mine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Oh, Takeru. Didn't see you. It's scrimmage day, are you pitching?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Of course."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Damn, Jun really has a thing for charity cases this season, eh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Shut up, Hifumi. You got what, seven outs last game? As a starter?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Keep making up numbers, Takeru. You're hopeless."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm saving that for the actual games, okay? Don't want to blow out my arm on a practice game."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "What are you even talking about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "I think Kaz was right about you. I really was going to give you a shot but you're even more unhinged than most of the cocky first years that we get here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Thank the lord you're on red team and not with me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Hang on, Takeru's with me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Ha! You're the one that picked him, Kaz. You deal with him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "I never picked him. Who would volunteer for that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Look Takeru, you're okay. It's against my nature to judge anyone, let alone our pitchers... but next to guys like Hifumi, you're just okay."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "So don't talk all this crap to me and everyone else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's what Jun's always saying."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Yeah well he's nicer than the rest of us, so take his word for it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Because trust me, you could pitch at 80 mph and I'd still pass on you for my team. I never picked you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Jun's playing a joke on you, Kaz."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Better luck next time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Hey, you want to bet? Takeru, I'll strike you out, three pitches. Just for that quip about the fall tournament, I'll do it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Fine. Do I have to bet or - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Get lost, Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The captain sidles over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wouldn't bet against Jun, obviously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not just because he's my senior by two years, or the captain, or that he's probably the only one on this team more heavily scouted than me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He just... doesn't like me. Hifumi, Kaz, the rest... They're all my friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Friends?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Takeru. You're on red team today?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Obviously."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "It's not like you gave me a choice, Jun!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Ha."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Hifumi, Kaz... give me a second here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm left facing the captain in this corner of the locker room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can read it in his eyes that he means me harm on some instinctual level but I don't know why I fear him like I fear Kazumi or Hifumi or any of the cocky upperclassmen who breed in the filth of the corners of this godforsaken team -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's what repulses me to be sure that Jun stands there and looks at me blank like he's concerened while Hifumi and Kaz and everyone they laugh and laugh at me but he just shakes his head and his gaze is cold with concern so why do I - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He. He is the enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "You've been a bit off lately Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not sure what you mean."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Don't listen to Hifumi, he just took the tournament loss a little hard."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "But we have to be a team. You'd be a little more well-liked around here if you didn't lash out at everyone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Of course he's going to be upset if you bring up this fall. Anyone would."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "So I'm saying, don't hold it against Hifumi, if you can."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Not everyone might see it but I know you've got some talent. So let's make the most of it, yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Kaz is gonna pick me for blue team, you know. So I'll be first up, I hope."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Show me what you got, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Always."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Oh..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "This might sound weird but screw it. If there's anything on your mind it's my job as captain to make sure you can do your job."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "So... Talk to me. I don't judge. We're a team here, and I think you've got a bit of me in you. So you're like my little brother, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Just give the word. Got it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks. Captain."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Any time. And I'm calling home run to right, first pitch. You got that? Give it your best out there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I nod at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hate him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone else mocks me because they envy me they want to know me because I'm better than them and they know is why they laugh at me and push me around but the only one here who talks to me like an equal is my captain Jun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hate him for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't want to be his equal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I want to surpass him and everyone in this room and I'm not sure whether I have that talent or not as it seems hard to judge but I want to have that over them and because they're so self-sure and cocky and because I'm not I need that guaranteed plus over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No matter what I do here at Tohoku, I'll never be better than Jun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sees everyone as his teammate, even me, the unlikeable first year Takeru.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I see him as an enemy, like everyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's why I hate him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because he's my only friend.}}