{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's another hour before I arrive in town. Late afternoon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the bus pulls away, I'm left standing on the side of the road, holding my duffle bag and a card with an address for the dorm being I'm supposed to be at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's also a time on the card... An hour ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So I'm late. Just fantastic."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is going to be rough after a year in the city at Tohoku. And if this pollen keeps up I know I'm going to hate it here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll just have to get my bearings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's hard to say from here, but Shizukawa at least doesn't look as small as I feared. I turn from the river, to a scattering of houses, to a cafe, to...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh. "Mirako School Dormitories."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm standing directly outside of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hopefully whoever I was supposed to meet here hasn't given up on me yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've only taken a few steps toward the entrance when I notice her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the sun so low, even the shade from my baseball cap isn't enough to make out much more than her outline, but there actually someone else out here. Looks like a girl in a school uniform, watching the river.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey! Do you go to Mirako? I'm supposed to meet someone here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GIRL: "Hi, welcome. I was starting to get worried. You must be the transfer student? My name is - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GIRL: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stops talking as soon as I take off my baseball cap. And just...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blinks at me?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I blink back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's tall, about my height, even. The serene smile on her face looks out of place now that she's stopped mid-sentence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, I'm the transfer. Ichiro Takeru. Hi?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GIRL: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GIRL: "Welcome, Takeru, it's a pleasure to meet you. Here's a key to your room and as much as I'd love to show you around I've just remembered I'm very late for - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She doesn't even bother to finish her explanation before turning tail and vanishing down the road. I can't help but stare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You have to be kidding me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Some welcome this is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I only have half an idea of where I am, in this nowhere town, and my would-be guide takes one look at me and decides to flee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plus I'm supposed to be at the school for some orientation in... half an hour ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am going to hate it here.}}