{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dorm is modern enough. There are a few stares as I push my duffel bag through the front door but I don't have time to deal with people right now -- I just want to ditch my things and get moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The top two floors are the boys' floors, so of course I'm on the top, with no elevator. And in the farthest room on the hall, too. At least it's a corner room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I knock, but there's no one home. The place looks so sterile that at first I think I must be the only one here. But one of the beds has sheets and the other doesn't. No sign of the other guy apart from that, though. At least he's clean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But when I throw my bad onto the other bed, something slips out from the mattress frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "A note...?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I unfold the page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "'Dear future victim of Room 401 - I am a weak man and write this as I transfer roommates, but here's hoping you're stronger than me. Good luck!!'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "'With my most heartfelt apologies, Shun, 2C.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What's that supposed to mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I crumple the note from the last occupant of the room and throw it in the wire trashcan. There's not enough time to deal with whatever these Mirako people do to amuse each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back outside, there's no sign of that runaway brownhaired girl, nor any other students. Chatter drifts over from the cafe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was afraid I wouldn't be able to find the school, but Mirako is pretty hard to miss. Shizukawa sits on one bank of the river, and there, about a mile down, is a bridge and a large building overlooking the opposite bank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to the dorm is a sign for the bus, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Probably runs like twice a day out here. Time to walk."}}