{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time I'm outside the entrance to the school I must be an hour late for my meeting with... whoever was supposed to meet me here. This whole thing has gone downhill incredibly fast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole place seems too quiet for a school, but it's a late Sunday afternoon so maybe it's not too surprising. If this were Tohoku, the paths would be bustling with people here for game day, but -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I snap out of it when I see a slim man waving to be from just within the front door. Why'd it have to be this guy again?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Hey, Takeru. You made it in one piece I see."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. Hi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry to keep you waiting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "No worries, you're here is what counts. Why don't you come down to the office? We can get things settled."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We pass through the double doors into the large glass-windowed atrium.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon though, Mr. Kunida is guiding me through a maze. The front of this place looks modern enough, but if I had to guess the whole back of Mirako is a pre-war holdover. It's all Japanese-style too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's eerie with the windows shut. Kunida heads up one flight of stairs, then down another. A library goes by, then an open door to a an even darker stretch of hall, then a line of classrooms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How many people even go to Mirako? They can't actually use all these rooms, can they?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kunida is silent the whole time too, only glancing back at each turn to check that I'm still there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally we reach a dead end and he slides open the door to a space smaller than a classroom, but still not much better than a closet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You have your own office?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Well not officially. The official staff office is on the second floor, but, we have all this space that it'd be a shame to waste it. I work best alone, anyway."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His room is clearly Japanese-style, but he's outfitted it a desk and a leather antique chair that makes him look like the boss of a mafia movie. I grab one of the less gaudy seats and sit facing him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "You don't like it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half of Kunida smiles as he looks at the furniture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "It's a large building. There are a lot of unused corners around, so here's my first gift to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "A map?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "You'll be in 2A. I've circled your homeroom, and everywhere else you'll need to be tomorrow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "You don't seem too bad at finding your way around though. I was kind of expecting the class rep to lead you up from the dorms."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Some brown-haired girl? She said she had somewhere to be and left as soon as I got my key."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "That's... not like her. Although I guess she's traveling tomorrow, so maybe..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shakes his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Never mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Anyway, good to see you again. Feels like it's been more than a few weeks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He talks on for a while, asking what I think of the dorms (was there for five minutes), what I think of the principal (met him for five minutes back at the clinic), what I think of the town (been here less than a day, but enough to not like it even if I don't tell him that).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now he's talking classes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not really something I gave much thought to at Tohoku but I guess now that I'm a nobody here I'll have to study, too. It's depressing to think about and I don't really offer Kunida more than one-word responses while he's trying to figure out where to place me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the end of it, the light from the window is a sunset red and it's more the lamp on Kunida's desk brightening up his room of mismatched styles. In addition to my map, I'm now armed with several Mirako brochures and forms, class printouts, and a used textbook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Sorry that took so long."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "You're okay getting back to the dorms? I can offer a ride if you really need it, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll be fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Thought so."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He smiles to himself. Annoying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Well, you also have the school map until you get the hang of things. If you'll pardon me I've got some more work to get to tonight. Papers to grade."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You teach here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Of course. Math, specifically."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I guess I figured you were a recruiter or a counselor or something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Like I said, everyone wears a few hats at Mirako. We do what we can."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He waves, and I'm not going to stick around longer than I'm welcome.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not that I dislike him, it's more... He seems dusty. A little off.}}