{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back in the corridor, I try to remember if I even came from the right or left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And there was definitely a staircase we went down... or was it up?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I want to at least try this without the map with Kunida's little circle on it, but I end up just choosing a direction at random.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's no sign of that staircase. While I'm probably walking somewhere else completely, I guess it's not like there's anything else for me to do today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hallway I'm now is particularly run-down. Or, not quite run-down, as there's nothing obviously out of place, there's just no sign of anyone using this place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dust covers the wood floors. Bulletin boards hang empty. The lights are off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a few classrooms, sans furniture. A lab, with rows of high tables and nothing else. Some smaller rooms, one with a grand piano, another with a tatami mat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm about to give up and consult the map when I notice one odd room, only notable because its door is closed. Everything else in this wing is open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I slide open the door, the interior is dim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Anyone home?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I feel stupid immediately. Of course no one's here, I only said it because the corners of the room are still pretty much invisible in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shouldn't there be a window in here? I spot red light leaking out from under some curtains in the back and start to cross the room when -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THUNK.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound of my shinbone slamming into a low table. I fall over into the wall, tearing the curtains off the window as I barely evade a second collision with the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Dammit, who put that table there, and with the window closed, practically a trap, I swear - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Hello to you too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What the - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I wasn't already on the floor, I am now. In the light from the now curtainless window, I see the outline of a small figure seated at the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As my vision adjusts and the dust settles, I start to see her more clearly. A white-haired girl, in the Mirako uniform. She's staring at me, one eyebrow up in exasperation. Waiting for me to respond?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry, I didn't think anyone was in here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "You could've at least have knocked."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I guess, I just didn't expect..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "You found the one closed room in this hall and decided to burst your way in without even stopping to wonder why that door was closed. Bravo."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er, I guess that does make sense..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "You'd think after two weeks all you new students would've gotten the hang of things by now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm a second year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "That's even worse."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, I just transferred, so - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Oh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She grins, but I don't think she's happy. More, she's in disbelief. I get the feeling I should probably just accept that my dignity's taken a hit and get out of here before I find out exactly what this mouthy girl was up to in here in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "You're allowed to sit down."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "I want to hear why exactly anyone would transfer here, to Mirako, in this day and age. It's very... curious."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm tempted to leave, but on some level I want to satisfy my own curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's a long story."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "That's alright."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's not interesting. I used to play baseball at Tohoku."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I catch myself. Any time baseball comes up, these sirens go off in my head. I make a mental note to just leave that off my little self-introduction from now on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I used to go to Tohoku Highschool but it turns out they'd rather not have people like me on the team so I got shipped off here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "I'm pretty good at knowing when people are lying. Not that it'd take an expert to figure out that's what you're doing right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What are you talking about? I even had a scholarship at Tohoku. I was pretty damn good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I feel like I'm being accused ot something. Time to change the subject.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm Ichiro Takeru. I didn't catch your name."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Not important."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "You didn't catch my name because it's not important."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm pretty sure you just didn't say it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "It's not important."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Okay, that's it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll see you later. I'm having a hell of a day here so I - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Just call me Hikari then if it means that much to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time she looks on the defensive. She keeps talking like I'm intruding, but now I feel like she's afraid that I'll actually leave. I sit back down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Nice to meet you, then, Takeru. Maybe you'll enjoy yourself here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Do you not? I mean... You do go here right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "It's really funny to me that you ask that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "There was a point when I was like you and thought I'd enjoy myself here, yes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "But sooner or later you'll figure it doesn't really matter. You don't know what kind of place this is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No. Should I? I've been in town for less than a day."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Is there some joke I'm missing? Because ever since I've shown up it seems like it's been crazytown."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You... kind of put your finger on it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smirks. Back on offense again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "The reason I know you were lying about your old school..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Even if what you said is true, that's not why you're here. No one comes here because they're talented."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI "You're lying by omission. You went to some other school, you got sent to a shrink, but you were good enough at something or other that someone took pity on you and you got sent here instead of a mental hospital or wherever."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "If someone transfers in, that's their story. That's why half the teachers are in psychiatry, you know..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Out here everyone wants to pretend this place is a refuge, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No one is really paying attention. Whatever you were at your old school you might as well put it behind you because chances are, anyone you talk to here has they're own little narrative and their own little issues to work through."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Enough that yours don't matter."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "If you transferred here thinking it was some kind of..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I don't know. You'll forget all this tomorrow when you start classes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Sorry to bore you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She doesn't look bored. She's scowling at me like I should be bored and that I'm defying her expectations is a personal insult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I really should leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks for the... warning? Or whatever that was."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "See you around."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "It would surprise me if you did, but... later then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I really can't tell if she's trying to provoke me by trashing the school where we're both students, or trying to warn me about something, or just having a joke at the expense of a new student.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She probably isn't joking though. She just seems sort of... sad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever. It doesn't matter. I'm back in the hall, standing outside the old-fashioned room I just left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I pick a direction and it doesn't take me long to find the staircase up, then the staircase down, then the lobby, then the door out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe it was desire to get away that put me on the right direction?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's something about that faint girl...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So there are a lot of people running around here with mental issues, then..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That'd sure explain why they'd invited me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I guess it sort of makes sense -- why my would-be guide ran away, why my roommate inspires bizarre notes, why this late on a Sunday I can trip over some girl camped out on campus...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I could dismiss most of what she said, now my guard is up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Kunida says "Gifted" it's just a euphemism for people like me that are too defective to be out in society or on a baseball team or wherever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Right?}}