{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wake up sweating in an unfamiliar room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfamiliar? Oh. Right, it's just my dorm. It'll be unfamiliar for a while though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm staring at my watch, facing me where I left it on the bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conveniently, this is the exact time I wanted to be awake. Except the hour hand is one tick ahead of where it should be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In other words...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You have to be kidding me... I'm an hour late."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "You should try waking up earlier."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Who are you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Undou Kenta. We're roommates, remember?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I refocus my eyes from the watch face to that big gray shape behind it, standing over me...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I sit up. Sure enough, the unidentified lump from last night is now standing in the middle of the room, speaking slowly as if I'm about five yeards old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You are my roommate, correct? Good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah... Hi. I'm Ichiro Takeru. Good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You can talk to me normally, you know. I'm not stupid."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Are you sure?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What kind of a question is that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I'm not sure what you mean by 'kinds of questions' but you overslept. I think students here shouldn't oversleep."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're allowed to wake me up, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With his bookbag and uniform on, he looks like he's about two minutes away from heading out the door and up the road to school. How long was he standing there waiting for me to wake up?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey have you seen my clothes? My uniform and everything were in my bag but then when I got in last night - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I got a pretty good look at them, yes. Why do you ask?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean, do you know where they are?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "They're in our dresser. You should make sure to put your things away. I don't mind taking care of cleaning up once in a while but I don't like not being able to find things."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "'Our' dresser? What - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, hang on, I've been here for less than a day, how do you expect to clean anything if - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of us has gone off the deep end, I'm not sure which.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Alright, let's make this easy. Kenta, I need pants. Where can I find my pants?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Casual, or the Mirako uniform?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta, I'm up late on a school day. Which do you think?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Most likely the uniform, but you've made a bunch of strange choices this morning so I think this might be a trick question."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not a trick question, I just want my pants, please."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Bottom drawer, left side."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I guess this guy must've taken it on himself to fold and pack all my clothes into the dresser? Kind of weird but maybe he was trying to be helpful to a new -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait. These aren't mine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I think the ones you brought are towards the bottom. They seemed dirty so I washed them while you were out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How am I supposed to tell which are mine?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I'm not sure why you'd want to know that, but you could probably start by looking at the tags. That's the approach I'd take, although it might have some error because we're about the same size. You could try - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'd want to know that so I don't steal your clothes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I wouldn't describe it as stealing. Our clothes are a shared resource. Stealing usually refers..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I start to contemplate the implications of my roommate seeing our clothes as a "shared resource" while listening to Kenta's technical definition of theft, I start realizing I really don't care at this point and I just want pants, Kenta's or not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Shirt. Where do I get a shirt, Kenta?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Top clothes drawer, right half."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Great."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I reach for the drawer, but -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Top clothes drawer. That's the top drawer of the dresser, but not the top clothes drawer, which is one below."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What's in there then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I open it, the drawer rattles. Or rather, the contents rattle. Inside are about two hundred coins of various age, currency, and color, all sitting on stands and facing diagonally up out of the drawer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a single second where they all gleam in the artificial light before the momentum of the opening drawer sends the first row over. Then the next, then the next, and the whole set domino collapses into a pile of change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What the - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Please be careful. This is what happens when you open the collection drawer too fast."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm getting that feeling again, that there's something beating into the back of my brain and I'll really wake up back in the clinic and start laughing about this terrible terrible nightmare I had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why? Why is your coin collection my dresser drawer?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's technically the overflow. Most of my collection is in the other dresser over there but I ran out of room."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're telling me you have so many coins that you filled up your own dresser so you had to take over mine? What are you even - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "See they're both 'our' dressers, much like the coin collection is 'ours' and the clothes are also 'ours.' We're one the same side in this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Okay, great, I'm glad we're on the same side. Help me find a shirt."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Top clothes drawer, right half."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Great, you're the best."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under Kenta's direction, I manage to assemble a full set of clothes. We only have one more minor misunderstanding when I disrespect the sock color coding system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half of what I'm wearing is probably his, but it's lucky we're about the same size. Or, he looks more muscular than me, even. I must be out of shape wihtout regular visits to Tohoku's training room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm guessing Kenta needed to bulk up to prevent other people from beating him out of frustration. By the time I'm ready, I think I've probably lost a half hour of time before class, and half a year off my lifespan in general.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The kicker is, through all this, this guy has the idea to talk to me like I'm the one not making sense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...I almost admire his nerve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Right, finally..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just need my papers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Papers?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, a couple of printouts, plus a map of Mirako. Is there a drawer for paperwork?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "That's on the shelf above the desk, sorted by due date. I wouldn't recommend trying to resort those though until you're more familiar with how things work around here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't have a map system yet. You said there was one in your bag?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No I would've brought it back last night. Unless..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A replay flashes past: me, in a barely lit corner of Mirako, tripping over a table, a cloud of papers flying everywhere that I fail to ever pick up...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was probably in such a hurry to put some distance between me and that white-haired girl that I never even noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Never mind, let's get going."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not really sure where I got the idea that we'd be leaving for Mirako together, but then again, he has wait all this time for me to wake up and get my act together that it seems like a given.}}