{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To my surprise there are still a few students hanging around the common room on our way out. Maybe I'm not as late as I thought?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was intending to cross the bridge again and walk to Mirako rather than wait for the inconvenient country bus schedule, which seems to be the norm for most of my classmates. A bike wouldn't hurt, but then again Shizukawa seems to have more hills than actual buildings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When we come to the bridge, I spot that same burned building from last night. It really is an eyesore, out on the riverbank. I don't have much nostalgia for country views and scenery but even I can tell that this would be a pleasant spot without that black shell there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other side of the river, the main road meanders away into woods, following the water, and the path to Mirako switches back along a steep hill. I'm keeping a good pace, but Kenta doesn't even slow down the hill, always a step ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I spot something sticking out the top of his jacket though. Is that... a tag? Is his shirt on backwards or something?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But we're at the main gate, now, and apparently it's in Kenta's head to just keep walking straight in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey, hold up a sec."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Did you need something?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're in 2A right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "No, 2B. Goodbye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait, what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "...Goodbye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "...When someone says goodbye, it's considered polite to say 'goodbye' back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry, can you point me where I'm supposed to head for homeroom? This school is a rat's nest and I managed to lose that map yesterday."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It depends what side of the school you're coming from. The approach I'd take would be to go the main staircase and from there turn onto the main hall."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Room numbering is sequential, usually, but only when the rooms are numbered."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Goodbye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Looks, can you just - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "When someone says goodbye, it's considered - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey, I'm sorry, I know I'm not being polite."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's my first day here, I'm late, everything I own has either been lost or sorted without my consent into a dresser drawer storage system, and now I've got no idea where I'm supposed to be for class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Is it really that big a deal if you showed me where to go? You have to know how this feels, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Not really."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There isn't even a second of hesitation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then he starts walking away towards the front doors. Great.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Are you coming? You should hurry if you still want to be on time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What? I mean yeah, I'm coming, I guess, I just thought - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's not possible to know what anyone else is feeling."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You can guess though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I'm a bad guesser."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks, then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He doesn't hold the door open and it almost closes on my face. Anyone else and I would've thought it was intentional.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whoever that last guy in 401 was... I don't blame him for transfering out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I'm sure pretty much anyone else on earth wouldn't have communalized my clothes, at least Kenta's willing to ferry me around. Or, at least I hope he's bringing me where I should be going.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How long have you been at Mirako?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "About ten minutes. Probably about the same time as you. Or is that a trick question?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean I wanted to know how long you'd been a student here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "A year and between a week and a month, depending on how you define student."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "There are some students from Shizukawa who come to Mirako but most of us are just here for high school."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Goodbye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's considered polite to..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fair enough. We're standing outside a classroom labeled 2A. Kenta has done his job.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Bye, Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nods at me and walks off the way we came. I'm not really sure if he thinks I'm an idiot or he just comes across as the sort of person that thinks everyone's an idiot. Tough to tell when I don't think I've seen any trace of emotion from him, either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This... will be a difficult living situation, to the say the least. But least he dropped me off in front of the right room.}}