{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I step in, it looks basically like a classroom from Tohoku.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windows open, posters on the wall, rows of desks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And everyone talking about nothing, filtering in, taking their seats, buzzing about class or the weekend or nothing in particular.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least that's how everyone was before I stepped into the room. Once I'm here, it's a subtle change, but one I notice immdiately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone is paying attention to me. Sure, a few of them carry on talking to friends or shuffling through book but I can tell I'm what they're watching in the corner of their eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My guard is up. Ever since I talked to Hikari my guard is up. I feel like what I am is branded on forehead: here stands Takeru, forever 'not quite right.'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm bailed out by a voice from the front of the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Hey, it's Takeru. You made it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This guy again. He's homeroom teacher? I'd almost rather have been left stranded at the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Why don't you come up here and introduce yourself?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "This is a bad occassion to have the class rep out... Shame too, she's very pleasant, you'll have to meet her later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Hey everyone! I'd like you to meet your new classmate. Takeru, the floor is yours."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not being side-eyed by anyone now -- they're all looking straight at me. Thanks, Mr. Kunida.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er... Hello."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "You could start with your name, that's usually a safe bet."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Right. I'm Ichiro Takeru. I'm new but you all probably figured that out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have never understood stagefright. Even in my first game at Tohoku, I didn't get nerves out on the mound or anything like that. You can't get nervous about what you're there to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But this particular time is different for some reason. Maybe because I know that there's this lingering implication that as a Mirako transfer I'm someone strange and someone to be avoided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Where'd you transfer from? Any hobbies?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I went to Tohoku Highschool for a year. I used be on the - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No hobbies."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Great, now everyone knows I'm defective, a stutterer, and also the most boring person in the universe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll cut my losses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Nice to meet you all."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I head for the desks, but then realize I have no idea where to sit. There are two open seats in roughly the middle of the classroom so... I'll just grab one and hope for the best.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The atmosphere around me slowly returns to normal.}}