{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I intentionally sat down next to the guy on my right who looks like he's scrambling through last night's homework, rather than the desk to my left, where the girl on the left...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, she's just decided to usurp the empty desk next to mine and move over. Great.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Hey! I'm Natsumi. Nice to meet you Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Nice... to meet you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Don't worry about the desk. Meiko's out for like half the week and I'm sure she wouldn't mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "But yeah, you said you were at Tohoku?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. I changed schools over break."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Interesting, interesting. And you said you were on a certain... team?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No hobbies."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Well if you were talking about the baseball team, I mean, Tohoku's a top-of-line school, longest running summer league champions back in the 60's right? You don't get like that treating baseball as a hobby."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I meant I wasn't in any teams or clubs or anything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Are you sure?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She eyes me up and down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's something disconcerting about being shamelessly appraised by a member of the opposite sex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm pretty sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Weird. My ears must be playing tricks on me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "But hey if you went to Tohoku I'm sure you've got to be a huge baseball nerd at least."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "If you're looking for a sports club, I'm captain of the baseball team this year. With me at the helm we've actually got a shot in regionals. Like, not a good shot, but if you check my stats you'd get it. I'm pretty good, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi mimes swinging a bat. I do my best not to cringe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I want to ask for her RBI or her slugging percent or anything but then again I have no idea in what backwater league the Mirako team must play in, captained by this... girl... sitting next to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I definitely don't want anything to do with this team. Natsumi has started on about last year's tournament run, and all the graduating seniors putting in their best, and I feel like I could be listening to Jun ramble about Tohoku history back in the old locker room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In other words, it's extremely discomforting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks but I'll probably join like math club or something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: " - so I'm looking to add some good arms to the roster before - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Wait there's a math club here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't know, I just got here. I just meant I wasn't interested in joining your - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "If you're into math, that's almost as good. I need a math buddy or I'm going to fail this midterm for sure. Kunida's only nice because he's the toughest damn teacher in the building, but if Takeru the math whiz is sitting next to me..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I suck at math. I'd more be joining the rememdial math club."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That's also not a club."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Whatever. Don't you also sit one desk over, too?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah but Meiko's the best, she'd be down to switch just for exam day."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "If she weren't such an honor student I'd just copy off her but I guess no one's perfect."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few people behind me laugh. When did they start watching me I'm sure I didn't know these guys why are they listening in on - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh, yeah, hey, this is Makoto, my first baseman. And back there is Hiro, he's a pinch runner but when we need a backup catcher he's great. And - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I introduce myself to about five other people. All guys, and all apparently teammates or hangers-on of Natsumi. I can't make eye contact with any of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It figures that I've actually managed to seatt myself right into the social center of 2A.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that's to be expected, right? At Tohoku, Jun wasn't captain because he was the best player, he was the captain because everyone knew him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He might not have been the best but I don't think he held it against me or if he did he tried not to show it he tried but -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I note that in addition to avoiding anything baseball-related, I should also avoid Natsumi and anything Natsumi-related.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It always seems like that always leads to those racing thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "So you'll come check out a practice some time, yeah? Tryouts are through but we're pretty flexible."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And by 'sure' I mean never.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait, Mirako even has a field? Is that on this side of the river or - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Shhh!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh. Mr. Kunida's started into the lesson, but I'm pretty sure that happened while Natsumi was talking, not me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I shut up and try to take notes.}}