{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've never thought of myself as a stupid person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I struggled a bit in middle school, I always had a friend to help me out of the tough spots, and with her help I didn't do too poorly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Tohoku, it was expected that the star players prioritize the team over their studies, and the teachers understood that on some level. And when they didn't, I always had my fans to slip me a copy of the test, or pass a tip about a quiz, and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But now, at Mirako, I realize I have to actually care about these things now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Getting into a good college never mattered before because I wouldn't be going to college at all. I'd be headed for a pro team right of high school. I had scouts on me a month after I showed up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But now, where I'd pitied anyone who'd had to torture themselves over grades or gone to cram school or any of that other nonsense...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Am I going to have to do the same? Should I care that I'm not getting any of this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because while Kunida has a smile on his face, and he's talking to us as if this is just a normal conversation, the stuff he's chalking onto the board is beyond the ken of mortal men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi, still in the desk next to me, is rubbing her forehead. I'm at least I'm not the only one who's totally in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Takeru. You know the answer to this one?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "No worries. Remind me to get you the page numbers for the first few weeks' materials and you'll be up to speed in no time. Anyone else got this? Iijima?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi's 'numbers guy' behind me to the left fumbles through an answer, but Mr. Kunida just smiles and doubles down on his explanation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It makes just as little sense as last time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I feel like I'm drowning.}}