{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kunida finishes his part, and I'm met by a succession of slightly more bearble but slightly less interesting lessons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole time it feels like I'm working more to blend in here than to actually take in what the teachers are saying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When it's time for lunch, I'm relieved... Until Natsumi swivels her chair with a ear-rending screech and turns 90 degrees to face me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You're grabbing lunch, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I guess, I mean I hadn't really thought..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then I notice that the first baseman, the numbers guy, and the rest of Natsumi's team slash fan club are also turning their desks and talking that I realize I want no part in this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sounds great but I need to..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I left some paperwork behind that I really need to find so I don't really have to grab lunch, thanks though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hmmm..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She gives me that once-over again and I decide the sooner I get out of here the better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "See you later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that crisis narrowly averted, I stand catching my breath outside 2A.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wasn't really lying though. I should try to find that map I managed to lose yesterday before we have a lab class I'm forced to admit I have no idea where I am.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hoping I can find that old tearoom I was at yesterday, I head up a stairway... and immediately lose my bearings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mr. Kunida was leading me yesterday... We didn't pass in front of this huge window right?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not that I don't appreciate the view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mirako has a bunch of picnic tables set out on the front lawn. I'm standing on a sort of overhead passage where I can see from the window onto the grounds below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It looks... nice out there. Nostalgic for something. Not sure what. Regardless I should keep moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I pass down a staircase, past a room I recognize from yesterday, and from there into a old wing of the school.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole place starts to become dustier, dinger. I must be on the right track.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sure enough, I pass a piano room, a storage room, the office of Mr. Kunida, then a Japanese-style room with the door slid shut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This must be it.}}