{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hello?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I bang on the shut door. Once. Twice. Thrice again for good measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm coming in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm expecting stand face to face with some sort of demon but of course there's nobody there. I'd think this tearoom were long-abandoned except for the junk stacked on the corner shelves. Chess sets, paintings, papers, boxes and trinkets...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's extraordinarily dark. There's a window at the far end of the room, but the curtains are drawn shut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking care to avoid to low table in the center of the room, I throw open the curtains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The table is clear except for a corner, where there sits an open paperback, plus half a mug of tea. Which is odd, considering I could swear I left my stuff right there yesterday. But it only becomes more odd when I see the figure sitting at the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the slanted light from the window, I can only see half of her face, the rest shadowed, but it must be the same girl from yesterday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "...Hello."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's not even looking at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "If you were looking for someone, there's nobody else here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry, I mean, I even knocked this time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "This time?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I was here yesterday and I think I left all my papers around here. You're Hikari, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You know my name?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari stares at me, no longer frowning but just wide-eyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dust drifts in the light between us. I'd probably better sit down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, we met less than 24 hours ago. Are you an amnesiac or something?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No. I guess..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I'm very used to other people pretending to be amnesiacs when it comes to anything to do with me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "But you forgot me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No, I remember someone was in here yesterday and dropped their things everywhere, and talking a bit, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Sorry. When everyone says the same things it starts to blend a bit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Your name was..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Takeru. I'm in 2A."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Oh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And you're sure I didn't leave any papers here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No, you did. You left them all over the floor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And a textbook?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No, that was definitely here at some point. You tossed it halfway across the room when you were tearing off the curtains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I glance at the window. The curtains are back... or at least, halfway back. Whoops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "It was quite the show, really."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's funny, it's like some circuit clicked on and now she's smiling and bright. Just as sharp, though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Then what happened? You know that's what I came here for, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It sure wasn't to run into her hiding in the dark again. In fact I took specific steps to avoid that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Someone took them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What? What do you mean? Who?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Oh just... somebody irrelevant."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well they're relevant to me if they stole all my forms! Plus my school map's in there and this place is a maze. I think I've got a lab after lunch and I have no idea where to go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're sure you don't know who took them?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Some girl."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's really all you got?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari shrugs and offers a wry grin. It's a weirdly jerky movement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "People tend to run together."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe her eyesight's shot from sitting here in the dark all day. I look at the book sitting in front of her. It's full of diagrams. Some textbook?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What are doing down here anyway? Studying?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No, that's just a hobby."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari looks at the book, but makes no effort to do anything else about it. It doesn't look like a textbook actually. The digrams are all black and white squares with inscrutable symbols.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well I'm sorry to intrude."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No, I'm glad you came actually. As much as I have to do down here it can be a little monotonous."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You enjoy it down here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Not exactly but I make do. It's familiar and out of the way. It's not like I've been quarantined here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not quite what I meant..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I could think of several dozen places I'd rather be than down here reading in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of those places would be the cafeteria, buying lunch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I really need to find my stuff."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Before you go..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've risen up to leave already, but she's still looking at where I was sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "...How are things going out there, at Mirako?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "My perspective makes it difficult to really see how..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I don't see much of..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's oddly tongue-tied. And back to that monotone she had yesterday. Guess the switch turned off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I've only been here half a day, after all. Is this supposed to be what you were talking about yesterday? No one's accused me of belonging in a mental institution or anything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You were right, by the way. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia a month ago. That's when Tohoku dropped me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They dropped me a bit before that, but it's all the same thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I regret saying that, yesterday. Guarding your speech is an art and I've falled a bit out of practice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "And I'm sorry to ask you such general and useless questions. Usually I'm a little more precise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari frowns at me for a couple seconds, but then just looks back down at her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You should probably grab lunch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I wouldn't know how to get to the cafeteria either way."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Grab some paper. You'll probably need this written down."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I get enough information from to sketch out roughly how to get to the cafeteria, back to class, to my lab, and then back to this unused room again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It probably would've been easier if she had just drawn up a map but she seems to refuse to move from her spot there at the table, and I try to copy her low, rapid instructions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's funny speaking to her. I'm not ever really sure if she's talking to me or someone ten feet behind me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks. This should keep me alive until I find whoever stole my stuff."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You could also just ask for another map. Or for someone to show you around. Or a number of other things."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, er, thanks I'll look into it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You'll be back, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm trying to figure out how to respond to her when I notice something out of the corner of my eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes... Corner...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a pair of eyes watching me from the door in the corner of the room. Someone out there is watching me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hang on."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But when I get up and open the door, there's no one there. No one in the hall even, except for...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One girl at the far end, sprinting away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "What was that about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't know. Something about me just inspires to people run away immediately. This is the second time in two days."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Believable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Enjoy your lunch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll try."}}