{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I have any time left, I'll try, that is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even knowing where I'm going I still have to check my notes from Hikari. I really could just ask anyone but for some reason that seems unappealing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Probably just because I'm sure I must stand out now, walking around here, alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was never the sort to just wander through the halls by myself. When I went somewhere, it was with my teammates and friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As I make my way back to class, there's chatter from groups of two or three walking here and there, but not the bustle that I always kicked off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's like that until I arrive at the entrance of our lab class, where I hear about a dozen voices all laughing and talking over each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's Natsumi, and a bunch of guys following her around. It feels like I've stepped through a mirror and fallen on the other side. Isn't that usually... me up there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Actually, I spot another familiar face. There's my roommate, Kenta, apparently halfway through an argument with Natsumi herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guess they must know each other. I try to slip through but -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey! Hey Takeru, how's it going?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh. Alright."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good afternoon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, hey Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh nice, you guys know each other?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, I wouldn't say - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Yes, he's my roommate. What was your name again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Neat. Shun didn't last?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Who?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Your last roommate, silly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Oh, that guy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "He had some very odd ideas about what being a roommate did or did not mean. I don't really know where he picked that up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Some people, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Guess you lucked into a nice situation though, eh Takeru?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I want to ask her if she's joking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Kenta was my math buddy last year. Top tier, would recommend."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't think 'buddy' the right term. That would imply an equal relationship. I think I'd call myself a tutor and you more of... I don't know. Math leech?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yep! Thanks Kenta, you're great."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Buuut now I'm high and dry this year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I need to go. I don't want to be late for class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Seeya."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He crosses the hall and enters the door across from the lab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Aren't there still five minutes before class?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Free tip for you if you're living with Kenta: don't make him late."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't know how I'm going to deal with this..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "What do you mean? Kenta's great, plus if you ask enough times he'll make sure you won't fail anything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Did you guys grab lunch together."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, hardly had time to eat, I was just searching for my papers. Apparently someone stole them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That explains it! I was looking for you and then you vanished."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Well tomorrow we'll have to catch you then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For some reason she seems really literal about the whole "catch" thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, whatever. I find somewhere to sit and settle in for afternoon classes.}}