{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the end of the day I'm exhausted. I was hoping that starting a couple weeks later wouldn't be such a big deal, but between the differences in Mirako and Tohoku curriculum, this is going to be an unpleasant, uphill battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least I've sort of figured out Mirako's floor plan, at least enough to find my way out to the entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the way, I find myself on the second floor, on a walkway alongside the big glass paneling that make up Mirako's front.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a decent view of the school grounds. Mirako is built on what has to be the only level stretch of ground on this side of the river, and the picnic tables and odd paths that lead around the school are all on differing elevations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then past that, there's a steep drop to the road, and another drop to the river.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I start trying to spot that ruin I saw the other night. It should be downriver, visible from up here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But a quick scan... nothing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm uncomfortable, and I'm not sure why. It almost feels like behind me, coming from the stairwell...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...when I feel a sharp pressure in my shoulder, like I've been bit by an overly large mosquito.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Ow!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I turn around ready to fight whatever huge insect just took a chunk out of me, but instead I end up startling a girl standing behind me with her index finger out. Taking a step back, I narrowly avoid clobbering her my insticnt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looks familiar. Then I place her. I might've only caught a glimpse of her back as she sprinted down the old half this afternoon, but it's her, the runner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What was that for?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Um er um, errr..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "You don't... You're actually..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm worried she's about to take off again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "I'm really sorry! I thought you were a ghost!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You thought I was a... What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Well if you were a ghost I wouldn't have been able to touch you so you wouldn't have noticed but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're the one who was watching me at lunch, right? Who are you and what are you doing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The girl in front of me is still bouncing from foot to foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Hi, I'm Kunida Mana, I'm trying to start the supernatural club  but I'm new here so it's been really slow so when I saw you I thought this could be a breakthrough!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I still don't have any idea what you're talking about or..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, I'm Ichiro Takeru. I'm a transfer student in 2A, not a ghost. Glad we've settled that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh, you're my senior, look I'm sorry I didn't - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Is that... Where did you get that textbook?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh this? Ummm..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And those forms... And that brochure..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's clutching them to her chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "These must, um."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Heeere take them back. I thought you were a ghost so I took them for evidence. It made sense at the time!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Where did you even find these?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I start shuffling through the forms. I guess most of it's here? No map though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "While I was searching the unused wing, I saw someone had messed up the tea room. Like they had thrown papers and a book and everything everywhere and torn the curtain off the window and everything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And nobody's ever in the old wing but like my uncle and Hagami, so I figured it had to be a poltergeist, you know?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That is, er, not the conclusion I would've drawn, no."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well those are the telltale signs of a poltergeist. Take my word for it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "So when I caught you down in the tearoom - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Caught me? I was having a conversation. What are you - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "So when I caught you down there having your conversation or whatever, and you're someone I'd never seen down there before, I figured it had to be you! The poltergeist!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But you can't touch poltergeists, so... And I've heard ghosts are much cuter anyway."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...My head hurts."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Never mind. Was there a map in that set of papers by any chance?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Um..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But she grimaces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Look I don't really care about your ghosts or whatever you're up to around here, I just don't want to get lost between classes so it'd really help me out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Um, I might have found a Mirako map, let me see if it's in my - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In her effort to search her backpack while it was still attached to her back, the whole thing ends up bouncing down the staircase behind her, leaving a wake of looseleaf papers, notebooks, and books in its wake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My long-lost map flutters between my eyes and practically hits me in the face. Finally.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although... I guess I'm not obligated to help Mana clean up this disaster. She looks absolutely heartbroken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Get your bag and the stuff on the stairs. I'll get the papers up here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Thanks! And sorry!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apparently Mana was carrying a filing cabinet around on her back because it looks like someone set off a paperbomb on the landing. I start to sweep them into one big pile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are a couple "Welcome to Mirako" sorts of printouts I remember from my own intro materials, one or two volumes of cheap manga, plus homework and notes, plus some pages out of a notebook with illustrations of...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boys, I guess? There are a lot of them, mostly in pencil, of guys with huge eyes and translucent legs and sparkles radiating off them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana must see me squinting at the drawings because she yells from the bottom of the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hey!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not really sure what I'm looking at..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You didn't see those!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hand her the stack I've gathered up so far. The pile looks to be about the size of her bookbag, not to mention the similarly sized stack of papers that Mana's carrying up from downstairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Now how am I ever going to get all this back in there..."}}