{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I'm watching Mana attempt bag-tetris and considering leaving while she's distracted, there's a voice from the stairwell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???: "Mana?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hey! Hi Hagami, did you get tired of waiting for me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Sorry. I left my headphones back at the dorm so I'll probably head back early today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "What're you doing up there? Did the ghosts kidnap you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The owner of the voice comes into view. She's a long-haired girl I think I've seen once or twice. While she wears a slight smile, as she comes up the stairs and sees me, all of her expression drops into something flat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Nope, no ghosts. I did find Takeru though! He was in the old wing reading and is also not a ghost. I think he said he's in your class?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi, nice to meet you. I just transfered in today so I've just been getting lost, mostly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She takes a deep breath. Did I offend her or something?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Nice... to meet you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're in 2A?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...But Hagami doesn't seem to have heard my question. She just slides closer to Mana and speaks lower than I can hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Yeah turns out he was the poltergeist, false alarm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But Takeru! You should stop by the supernatural club! We're recruiting! We meet pretty much every day in the old library."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That, er, might not be for me. I don't even know what a supernatural club does."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh, well there's a lot of research involved, and sometimes ghosthunting, but I mean like real ghosthunting, Hagami has all the gear, and..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to her, Hagami remains stonefaced, but as Mana rambles on, Hagami starts to twitch in discomfort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "...we've knew each other in middle school so we decided to restart the club now that we're here. Oh, we're making a manga too, Hagami's a great writer, you should - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks, I'll consider it I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I won't consider it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Now that I've got all my forms back I should probably go back to the dorms and fill these out though. I should've had them in today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh, you live at the dorm? Hagami can probably show you back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Hagami goes through about five very concerned facial expressions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I should fine on my own I think."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Alright take care! See you tomorrow maybe!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I leave Mana cramming her bag back together and Hagami standing silently over her.}}