{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once in Shizukawa, it doesn't take long to walk down the river and get back to the dorms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The common room looks pretty sparsely populated today. Two or three guys are eating by the entrance, but apart from that the only occupant is my one and only roommate, Kenta, sitting at the shared PC.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good evening."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thought I might as well come back here if all I'm going to be doing is - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's considered polite to respond 'good evening' when someone greets you with 'good evening.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Fine, good evening Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe I should just go back to my room to work...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What're you even up to?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Checking my bids."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Bids?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I run a top-notch coin collection. Part of the work in maintaining a collection like this is keeping an eye out for acquisitions."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "There's a lot of hidden work that goes into curation. I'd love to explain in detail but this sale is closing. I wouldn't be able to really show you the depth of the topic."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The depth of... online auctions?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Exactly. I'm glad you understand. I think we'll be pretty good roommates."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind me the main door opens and Hagami walks in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I guess she must've been the one behind me the whole way. I would've thought she would've gotten here first seeing as I wasted all that time on the bridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's made it pretty clear she doesn't see any value in talking to me so I just offer half a wave to be polite. As expected, she ignores it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good evening."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's considered polite to respond 'good evening' when someone greets you with 'good evening.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami opens her mouth, but instead of saying anything, she hesitates, then walks off to the far corner of the room, where I notice a pair of headphones sit on a sidetable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She puts them on, sits in an armchair, and immediately vanishes behind a hardcover textbook that appears out of nowhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Some people are incredibly rude. I don't why it's so hard for certain people to show even a bit of respect to - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "She can probably hear you, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't understand why that would make a difference."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You probably wouldn't..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So you know Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Who?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The girl who just walked in. You're not very good with names, are you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "They've never mattered much to me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "But... you do know her?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "She's my lab partner in computer science. Impossible to work with."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I really can't imagine too people who'd work less well together than the fastidious Kenta and this girl who refuses to engage. Maybe people like us are beneath her. Whatever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I should probably get these forms over with... And I guess I've got to read fifty pages of this awful book too..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "That reminds me, let me know when you have a free hour or so and I can go over the sorting system for the bookshelf in our room. I'm trying to get buyin from the library but they're being unreasonable so it - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Shoot! I've been outbid. Give me a moment."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll leave him to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even talking with anyone at Mirako is like walking on eggshells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wonder how much of that is just me. If what Hikari was saying yesterday was right... everyone must know something's up with me, just by the fact that I'm a transfer here. Is that why everything seems so strange?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After my work is done, I opt for an early rest.}}