{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wake up back in the clinic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Wake up" is probably wrong. To some extent I must be asleep but that doesn't matter at the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What matters is that I'm trapped back here again when I was hoping that I'd be able to be released to Mirako immediately seeing as how they were specially equipped to deal with patients with psychiatric needs and Kunida painted it as such a bright place in contrast to here, where -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here, where, I sit in bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The brochure Kunida left is on the bedside table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I want to believe what's printed in there, that's there's someplace I'll fit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's what's worrying me, I guess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to the brochure is the letter from Jun. Odd, because I definitely shredded that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 menu:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Shred it again, of course."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I tear it once lengthways, then rotate, then tear, then rotate, tear, rotate, and dozens of ribbons of end in the wire wastebin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Pen marks are visible on the individual pieces. They're too small to be legible, or even recognizable as handwriting at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         While I don't know why Kunida told me to ignore that letter, I'll trust him. He seems reliable even if I can't say I like him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Jun is not someone I need right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Put all this behind me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "It's adressed to me. I should open it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I have to flip the envelope back and forth to find the opening, and even then I need to tear the thing to get it open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Why are my hands shaking? Because Kunida warned me not to open this? It really wasn't a warning, just a suggestion... and not one for which he gave any explanation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         A few pages fall out of the envelope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "'Dear Takeru,'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I take a breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "'Dear...'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I can't read the rest of the page. It's a jumble. Words are different sizes, sentences curve and run down the margins of the page, paragraphs start and stop at random.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Some words jump out, but not any thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Flipping it over doesn't work. I try rotating the letter 90 degrees but that just makes me nauseous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I am not able to read this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         No matter where I start from or whether I read forward or backwards...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It just doesn't make sense.}}