{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the morning, I'm exhausted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, this couldn't be morning yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THUMB.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it's not morning yet, why am I awake?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did that dream wake me up?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THUMB.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There it is again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A throbbing pain, right between my eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THUMB. THUMB.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I must be running a fever of a million degrees for it to pulse like that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I open my eyes I expect some dizziness or a bit of confusion, maybe, but nothing like the gray outline above me. A mountain of a person, index finger extended, heading straight for between my -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I roll to the left and Kenta's finger barely misses my eyeball.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What the hell Kenta?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, just a fantastically good morning to you too. What do you think you're doing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's time to wake up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So you just... jab me in the face?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You asked me yesterday to wake you up. Are you sleeptalking? Because you seem very confused about this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm forced to roll again as he takes aim at my bruised forehead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm awake! I'm awake!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Normal people usually wake each other up by like... Talking at them. Or shaking them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I was kind of expecting that, and not, y'know, having the bridge of my nose pushed in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I tried calling your name but you just muttered at me and waved your arms a bit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait, that's probably because..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I look out the window but there's not even a hint of light out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta, just how early did you get me up?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I've already gotten my first round of bids in so I figured you might want to do the same."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You figured I might want to..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Bidding in the early morning is a good strategy for auctions that close at odd hours. The PC is open downstairs if you like."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta, it's ridiculously early, my head's killing me, and I don't even collect coins so why would I want to... bid on anything?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I certainly enjoy it so I assume you would."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta, we are two very, very, different people."}}