{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I give up on trying to get any more rest and join Kenta in the otherwise empty common room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He runs the PC while I try to skim some of the first couple chapters of my textbooks. It seems like it'd be a good idea for me to catch up to everyone else, but I think my time would've been better spent with my head face down in the book trying to get some more sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few other earlybirds trickle out, a few toting breakfast. A very sweaty-looking guy I recognize from my class stumbles in the front door, out of breath. (Morning jog?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Time to go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How do you figure that one? Is the sun even up yet?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You'd have to go outside to check but my guess is yes. Even if it hadn't yet, you should know that the time the sun rises and sets doesn't actually correspond to the time on your watch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Even if the sun never rose one day, you'd still be late to class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I kind of think if one day the sun disappeared there'd be a lot more to worry about being late to class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I follow him out anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don't ask me why. The whole time we're walking I'm bombarded with trivia about various issue dates for old coins and a couple economic terms like 'cost basis' and 'inflation hedging' that I assume must be equally irrelevant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a gray morning. An uncomfortable one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can't quite put my finger on the 'why.' I was so thrilled to just be out of the clinic just a few days ago but this place certainly isn't what I'd hoped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe it's just because on a day like this a year ago, I already knew a dozen people, was aceing my way through tryouts, and generally felt like I had something to accomplish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ticking off the people I've met now...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's Kenta, now asking me when I'm going to set up my e-auction account.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's Natsumi, who seems to think I'm a charity case, and reeks of baseball either way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's Hikari, a recluse, Hagami, a recluse and a mute, and Mana, clearly an idiot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I just can't see old me ever giving these people the time of day, let alone wanting to know them. Especially Kenta, I know I'd be laughing at his back. Maybe his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I give up, Kenta. What is so thrilling about coins?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's not so much the coins themselves, it's more about the art."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Acquisition, collection... It's about attention to detail."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Attention to detail? How... Kenta, look, your shirt is on backwards, and you're talking to me about attention to detail."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Oh. So it is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Some things aren't worth worrying about. I try to focus my priorities."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You mean your single priority. You're just... concentrating on coins and nothing but coins."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "No, I'm trying to do several things at once right now. We need to get to Mirako on time, I need to keep my collection running smoothly, and I'm focusing on welcoming you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're welcoming me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's one of a few things I've been trying. In junior high I didn't consider that worth spending time on so I'd be very angry at other people when they were wrong."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't pick up on sarcasm very well but I think right now that you don't have any respect for me or coins, which is an incorrect opinion, but I'm trying to convince you that it's incorrect."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Instead of, I don't know, pushing you into the river."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I size him up. Yeah, he could probably push me into the river.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You don't seem to have much to do, do you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not really."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "So that's why I recommend coin collecting. Consider it a favor, even if you've been very rude."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Me? Rude to you? After you hide my clothes everywhere before we even met and then wake me up at dawn?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Well you did show up unannounced, then unsorted my coin collection overflow, and I don't think you were paying very much attention when we went over the book sorting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks for not pushing me into the river, Kenta. I think I'm set on the whole coin thing though. Really."}}