{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road levels off as we walk the last switchback, and the Mirako School proper comes into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the entrance, there's not much traffic, but a few guys in baseball hats are hanging around. One girl, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yo! Kenta!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Oh. Good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Good morning! How's Takeru doing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Who?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Me. I'm Takeru, your roommate with the wrong opinion on coins. I'm doing fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Good to hear. We just got through with morning practice today. Good weather for it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "So Kenta! When are you coming back and running stats for us?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I wasn't planning on it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "What happened to baseball card collection?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It became a chore. I sold it off."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Boo. Well anyway, meet me at the field after school tomorrow, we desperately need our moneyball man if we're going for a tournament run this year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I wasn't planning on it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "And Takeru, you're trying out some time right? Did you say your were an outfielder? Or was it third base?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I said I didn't play."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Suit yourself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You're ready for the quiz today, right? Got your chemistry down?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What? I just got here, I shouldn't have to take a - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Just kidding, it's not until next week. And it's an exam."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Then I'll probably have to take it. That's actually worse."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah tell me about I think I'll just flunk out and be done with it. See you around!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She takes a left while Kenta and I continue right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "That girl is extremely difficult."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey, we finally agree on something."}}