{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The class rep is still out, so the day starts with little fanfare and a lecture from Mr. Kunida.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to me, Natsumi stares intently at a single spot on her desk for about fifteen minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm pretty sure I missed something earlier this year that I'd need to understand what Kunida is trying to teach us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only revelation I get out of this class is that I probably should've delivered my enrollment paperwork to Kunida before class started because now it's going to take another chunk out of my lunch break.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Actually, that could be an upside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the last of morning classes draws to a close - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Takeru! Where are you going? Lunch is on me today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry, have to drop these papers off, I was supposed to have them in yesterday."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You rat. I'm starting to think you're avoiding me!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Coincidence."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Really, I wouldn't have a problem with her if she hadn't to recruit me to a baseball team at least twice now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although actually counting her as a friend would probably mean having to put up with a dozen other baseball-playing dudes and that sounds very unpleasant right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I fish around in my bag for the Mirako map. It'd be just my luck to get lost again and spend all of the break wandering around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luckily it's still where I left it. There's a problem, though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Dammit. Who would..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Mana!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Kunida gave me the map, he circled my homeroom, his office, and the path between them. But when I look at the page now, it's crisscrossed by wavy red lines, covered in circles and boxes, and "MIRAKO GHOST HUNT #1" is written at the top.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "She vandalized my map for some stupid ghost scavenger hunt..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe this will still work.}}