{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most of the rooms are crossed out so the labels are illegible, but the wing I'm looking for wasn't labeled anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are a few circles on the map. One on the second floor reads "HQ," and there's a star in an empty room and the word "PIANO!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nearby the piano room is a room with ten concentric circles, labeled "GHOST ACTIVITY HOTSPOT." Another arrow point to the room is a chunk of text:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "'Spotted! Got a good look at specimen #1 before it gave me the evil eye. Very ghosty but minimally cute.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Next time I'll give you more than an evil eye..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least that means Kunida's office is somewhere around there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I find it on the map, and after a quick detour to pick something up at the cafeteria, I find the office in person as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kunida answers after one knock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi, it's Ichiro Takeru. Sorry to bother you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "No worries, come on in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back to this bizarre room, with its sliding door and leatherback armchair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just dropping off my forms."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Oh, thanks. Finally found them, eh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, long story."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I drop the stack onto his desk. Except, I realize a second too late, my graffiti'd map is on the top of the pile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Hmm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I didn't do that, I swear."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Riight."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He laughs. I really don't like this guy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Everything's going well, I hope?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Depends on your definition of "well," I guess at least my classmates haven't driven me insane yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Keeping up with classes?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could probably keep me back a year and I wouldn't notice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Met some interesting people?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While "interesting" isn't quite the word I'd choose...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Plenty."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Huh..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Well, adjusting to a new school is difficult. If you need anything, you know where to find me... roughly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "We'll have a more formal meeting next week to check in, but for now just concentrate on getting used to Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll try."}}