{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm still fuming about that stupid ghosthunting map making its way to my teacher's desk when I spot the perpetrator herself coming around a corner. Mana!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I slide open the nearest door, enter, then shut the door and lead against it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She can't have seen me, right? What does she do, prowl this hall every lunch hour to find and attack stragglers?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room I'm in looks like another junk closet, except there happens to be a stand up piano in the far corner. But there's nowhere to sit and the top of the piano is in service as a bookshelf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Actually pretty much everything in this room is an improvised bookshelf. A few antique desks, shelves, and a wooden packing crate are all stuffed with notebooks, sheet music, and other trash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've probably avoided Mana, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Somewhere down the hall there's a scratching. Then a thunk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few seconds pass, and I hear another scratching. Then a louder thunk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thirty seconds go by. Scratch. Thunk!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I felt that last one. Still leaning on the door, it's like I can feel the walls shudder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sounds seem to be right next to me now. All those little X's on Mana's map markup come to mind. That stuff about ghosts was just some sort of middleschooler's fantasy. These disturbances I'm hearing (feeling?) must just be... doors opening or something, right?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doors. Sliding open, then slamming shut, that must be it. After all, all the doors in this hall are Japanese style, like the one I'm leaning on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaning on?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Has to be this one!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a telltale scratch, I'm suddenly leaning against nothing, falling backwards into the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Ahhh! It's a - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "My head... Oh my head."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kenta's forehead poking is a kind, gentle memory compared to this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru? Are you alright? What are you doing in here? You're not bleeding are you? Should I take you to the nurse."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's fine, really. Please just let me die here. All good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No no no this is all my fault I'm so sorry, I'll get you to the nurse. I was looking for the piano room but I forgot which one it was so I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she starts trying to drag me by my feet down the hall, I dismiss the stars dancing around my vision and stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm alright, I'm alright. I shouldn't have been leaning on the door."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You're sure?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "What were you doing in the piano room? You play the piano? Were you looking for sheet music?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I was..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hiding from you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just browsing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hmmm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well actually it's a really good thing I ran into you! I found something you'll love. You've got to see it. Hang on one sec."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana darts into the piano room while I nurse my contused face. I have a really bad feeling about this and if I my vision wasn't so blurry I'd probably try to duck into the next room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But when she reemerges, there's certainly nothing I'd consider interesting in the stack of folders and notebooks she's carting out. The whole tower reaches well past her head and she manages to stumble into me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Don't be ridiculous, you can't even see."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take half the stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What am I supposed to find so interesting?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh, it's upstairs. Come on, let's get these to the library."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The... what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Headquarters! I just came down to grab all these for Hagami to go through later, but I've got your surprise upstairs."}}