{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm pretty this whole thing was an elaborate setup to dupe me into carrying Mana's trove of reading material up the two flights of stairs to "headquarters."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even with only half the stack, her center of gravity is too high to tackle on the stairway so I basically end up muling the whole lot up to our destination: a battered looking door somewhere on the top floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first weird thing about this room is its shape. It's the size of a classroom, but the back wall is really three walls, two of them diagonal and narrowing to the far wall which sports a tall picture window with a view of the river.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every other wall in this place is lined by a bookshelf. Not to mention the three or four freestanding shelves along the sides of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some of these shelves could pass for a well-stocked library, some are bare, and some are loaded with the sort of mixed media paper waste of which I'm carrying fifty bounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I go to drop my load on the table in the center of the room. Only after do I get the pile out of my way do I notice someone at the far end of the table, staring incredulously at Mana from behind a book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Welcome to the Supernatural Club HQ! Also known as the old library but Hagami and I are stocking it up again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hey Hagami, I found Takeru alone in the old wing again. Guess where he was?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami shrugs at Mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "The piano room!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "That's..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She mumbles something and disappears from view. Par for the course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This is the library? Seems kind of out of place."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well it used to be the library but then they built that other one at the front of the school three or four years ago. But Hagami and I are rebuilding this one."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just how many years have you been held back?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "What? Oh, no, this is my first year going to school here but I live in Shizukawa and I've always been in and out at Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What am I doing here again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You'll love this. Here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She clears a few magazines off a chair on the center table and gestures for me to sit down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from a small radius around Hagami, the table surface is a tangle of looseleaf paper, open books, stacks of old printouts, sheet music, torn notebook paper... It's a disaster area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if to emphasize the status of this room as a place for expired garbage, on the corner of the table is an antique radio. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana adds an oblong box to the table. It has a checkered pattern on top, and a hinge on the side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across the table, I notice Hagami is giving Mana a look. She seems just as skeptical about this as I am.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Check it out! This should make up for my walking in on you, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now I'm the one getting the questionable look from Hagami.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's a chess set. See, just open here..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana unfolds the box and a bunch of pieces fall onto the table. They're painted a bizarre green and orange, and assembled from cylinders of wood. It's probably hand-made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "This is like the second- or third-best find I've made so far. What do you think?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Aren't you really into chess? It's like a really big coincidence! You and Hagami both transfer here for second year, and you're both into chess and weird stuff like reading alone in the old wing, and - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hold up a second. What makes you think I'm into chess?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Weren't you reading this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She holds up a glossy booklet sort of thing that I don't recognize until she starts flipping through the pages. It's a collection of chess puzzles, and what Hikari was reading yesterday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's not mine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "What? Really? But you left it downstairs!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Trust me, I barely know the rules."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Really?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not really one for joking around."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Then... Well then at least you and Hagami both like hanging around by yourselves in the old wing! Right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, sorry. Not really into that either."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I notice across the table Hagami has slunk behind whatever massive book she was reading and is now completely invisible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can't blame her - I also wish I wasn't a witness to this idiotic conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But you were there three days in a row!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I've been here two days. What are you talking - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait, I was here on Sunday for a meeting with my teacher. I don't remember seeing you, though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "D-don't worry about that!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well then I'll have to make this up to you some other way..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You can be vice-president of the supernatural club! Hagami said she doesn't really want the spot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No thank you. I'm pretty sure I wasn't even a member."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well either way you have free library access for life, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks... I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And you can eat lunch here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wonder how Hagami feels about that. She hasn't said anything, but she's reappeared from behind her book and by the faces she's making it Mana it looks like this conversation is physically painful to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once Mana finishes clearing herself a space at the table, she sits. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To my relief, she doesn't keep talking, but instead pulls out some manga and starts multitasking speedeating/speedreading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sadly, it's late enough that unless I want to eat my own lunch on the run, I'm stuck here.}}