{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neither of them attempt to talk, though. It becomes uncomfortable after a few minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I try to make out the title of the book that's currently blocking my view of Hagami. At first I think it must be foreign, but then I realize it's something about Venetian Polychoral Style and the author's name has twenty syllables. Might as well be foreign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only sound beyond the flipping of pages is a low static hum. From the radio?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It must actually be on, but whatever is playing is too low to make out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things continue in quasi-silence for about ten minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is this really how lunch works for them?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An hour of reading next to each other in this old room?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I mean, I guess it could be peaceful, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Mana falls out of her chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What the - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I have science next and it's all the way on the other side of Mirako! And I already got scolded for being late yesterday!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "See you later Takeru! Hagami we're still good for tonight?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami shakes her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...Talk to you later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Got it! Alright bye!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She takes off, and the layer of paper on the table rises with the draft of the door slam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami waves at the closed door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luckily though, I'm done eating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I should probably head out too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Bye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hadn't expected Hagami to notice, but - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Hey..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Sorry about... Mana."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "She can be a little..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "A little much?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Exactly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "So... Don't let her push you around."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I wasn't really planning on it, but thanks I guess. Bye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami winces for reasons unknown and returns to the shelter of her book.}}