{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I end up back at class with a few minutes to spare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi and her usual gang are lurking outside the door, and Kenta as well. Does he take lunch breaks with our class up here? Odd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's another face I see though, a tall girl heading inside. I know I've seen her face somewhere. Also odd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I go to follow but someone grabs the corner of my shirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yo, Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi Natsumi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You sure spent an hour dropping off that stuff Mr. Kunida, huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I got kind of held up by - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Whatever, but, you're a neutral party. You need to settle this between me and Kenta here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good afternoon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Good afternoon, Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Let's say I've got a signed baseball card from one of the greats."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Would you rather it was from his highschool year tournament years, before anyone knew him? Or his MVP year in the majors?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why do I have to settle this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "He's right. Value is a very objective thing. The year doesn't matter. Whichever year had a smaller print run will be harder to get, and therefore more valuable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "But that's no fun! If you get a guy's signature in highschool, it's like, you had to have known him! There's a story there! Give me a story over an MVP."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Or more like, give me an MVP with a story."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You don't make any sense."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I've come to my decision: neither of you make any sense."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I'm a little offended."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Ha! My victory then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She offers a high five for some reason as Kenta wanders away into the next classroom over, shaking his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah I don't get it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Whatever, let's head to class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh, and Meiko got back from her leadership thing this morning. You've got to meet her!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Meiko?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Our class rep, student council member, and all-round Model Person."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And she does say that last part like it should have capital letters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name does ring a bell. "Meiko." Funny the class rep shares a name with that old friend, that quiet and timid Meiko that I lost touch with years ago.}}