{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not hard to spot her. Meiko sits in the desk between Natsumi's and mine, and for sure, it's that girl who said two sentences and then walked out on my first day here, leaving me high and dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I approach, she immediately rises to greet me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Takeru! Ichiro Takeru. We finally meet again properly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi, nice to meet you. You're Meiko, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "'Right?' Of course it's me. You wouldn't go and forget me, would you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're not... Kotaru Meiko?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughs, beaming at me, then bows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "That's what I said. Don't tell me you're going to take off on me again, like two days ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait... Weren't you the one that..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You were always so forgetful, I don't blame you, don't worry about that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's a dream to have you here though. I always thought the next time I saw you it'd be on the front of the sports section."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You'll have to tell me everything about your time at Tohoku. I'm sure it was wonderful."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "No way! You guys were childhood friends?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Friends?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Neighbors, practically. Takeru helped me out of a pretty rough time in my life."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "No way. That's too cute to be allowed. Takeru! Why didn't you tell me any of this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm saved by the arrival of our science teacher and both of them shut up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that leaves me sitting through the lesson in a state of panic, trying to figure out just who is the girl sitting on my left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My memory of the year or two before Tohoku (and last year at Tohoku, really) is all sort of jumbled up now. I could probably sort things out if I wanted to but it doesn't seem... wise? Somehow?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like picking a scab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But either way, the Meiko I knew back then was... an acquaintance? I guess? Someone from my neighborhood that used to come down to the park.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was always polite, but, painfully shy, a little strange, struggling with school I think, but again, I can't remember.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Basically, the Meiko I know doesn't share anything with the Meiko next to me, who's now volunteering to demonstrate her solution to yesterday's homework in front of the class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And on my first day at Shizukawa, it wasn't me that turned around and walked away from our little meeting. It was her. Right?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...Like an imposter took her place. If she hadn't known my name, that's what I'd think. That these were two separate people.}}