{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This ruins focus is ruined for the entire rest of the day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can't concentrate on anything, and When the final class ends, I'm thrown right back into the thick of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "So Meiko! You and Takeru grew up together?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "We've been out of touch for for forever though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Takeru, do you want to head down to Shizukawa? It'd be great to catch up. There's a little cafe I know that the student council always uses. If you want to grab a coffee or something I'm sure you have plenty of stories."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks, I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I promised to meet someone though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's half a lie. I didn't quite say that to Hikari but it's a great excuse now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Maybe this weekend then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's just as well, anyway. The festival committee is meeting today and I'd hate to miss it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You're on the planning committee this year?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'd hardly be on the council if I weren't."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Geeze, how do you stay on top of all this... You heard Kunida's got an exam coming next week?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I had heard, but if you're asking me..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You want me to set up the study group?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yesss! You're the best, Meiko."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Any time, Natsumi. I'll see what I can do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Takeru, we'll have to set up a time to talk, but until then, we sit right next to each other, so don't hesitate if there's anything at all you need."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Part of my job is making sure everyone feels at home here at Mirako so as the new transfer, you can consider yourself under my wing for a while."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Lucky dog. Meiko, take me under your wing some time. Kunida teaches math like we're all junior Einsteins."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Haha, we'll see. You need to study just as much as you practice!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'll see you both later then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Seeya Meiko!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Takeru you've got to get me the dirt."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKREU: "The dirt?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Okay it's Meiko we're talking so there's no dirt, but this is like..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "A superhero's origin story."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That girl's going to be a doctor or a lawyer or in the diet or something. Maybe all three."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh and she's super nice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Right..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, see you tomorrow."}}