{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None of this can be right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe I'm misremembering things again. Or Meiko has an identical twin and they swapped places or something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm really not looking forward to sitting next to her for the foreseeable future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Almost by reflex I've walked down to the old wing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I told Meiko and Natsumi I'd promised to meet someone, I don't really remember "promising" anything to Hikari and I mostly just wanted to get out of that situation, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I'm here I might as well see if she's around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walking in the direction of the tea room, I realize that I really need to find a club or a sport or something, anything, to fill this time after school.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did I really get so used to Tohoku that I can't figure out what to do with myself without a million people always wanting to hang out all the time?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door to the tearoom is closed, as usual. Knocking didn't prove useful yesterday, so, hm...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even if I bend in close, I can't see anything through the crack in the door. That'd make sense if the lights were off, but Hikari hangs out in the dark so...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can't hear anything either. She must be -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "What exactly are you doing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari is leaning on the opposite wall of the hallway, her arms crossed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How long have you been standing there?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I could watch this all day. Please continue whatever it is that you're doing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Do you really come hang out down here every day after school?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mood immediately changes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I thought you'd forget about me, honestly. But... I'm here most days, yes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why would I forget about you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "It's just something people do. Forgetfulness is in fashion."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You're welcome to join me for tea, if you like. Although... I'm not in the greatest mood."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why not? I slide open the door and then follow Hikari inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The place is dark as a tomb until I open the curtains. Hikari immediately sits on the far side of the table in front of some sort of laminated sheet of plastic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "There's jasmine tea on the second shelf from the right. And a kettle in the corner."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You don't think it's a little rude to ask a guest to prepare tea?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I don't worry about what's rude and what isn't. We're both students here and this is your space as much as it is mine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "And I'm... not much good with my hands."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately I'm the least cultured person in the world and Hikari practically has to walk me through the entire process.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, I set a mug down in front of her, but she doesn't touch. Just inhales.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "That helps. Thank you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're welcome."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Tea club is probably on the same level of clubs-I-don't-want-join as the supernatural club though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "There's a Mirako supernatural club?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not really. It just has two members."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Figures. Something as childish as that..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Sometimes it would be nice to blame ghosts instead of the students for the rampant theft that goes on around here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Theft?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Someone stole my chess set and the book of puzzles I was working through, right out of this room."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, er, I probably know where those are."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Well isn't that wonderful - you're the one who stole them then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No! Well, an acquaintance of mine..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This is kind of a long story, maybe I should just get those back for you tomorrow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "While I'd appreciate having them back, I'd also appreciate the story."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not a very good storyteller and it's really kind of boring."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Give it a shot. Impress me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari doesn't respond much as I tell her about Mana and the newly-formed supernatural club.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her head stays tilted to the side, almost cute. She perks up a bit when I mention Hagami's interest in chess, but otherwise she just sits there and breathes in the scent of the jasmine tea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Hm. Interesting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Is that sarcastic?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No. See..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You probably guessed it already but I don't have much contact with a lot of Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I don't really know what normal people are up to outside of school hours, or what absolutely average people like yourself do when they're not in class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Is that odd?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Is what odd?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "To enjoy hearing those mundane stories..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Maybe I've been cooped up too long, that even your life seems interesting..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Y'know I didn't mind when you called me 'absolutely average' but you're pushing it a bit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari looks pleased with herself. I'm not exactly pleased with her though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I'll make it up to you then. Do you know how to play chess?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Someone taught me the rules once."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Then... No, you don't."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Here, we'll get you up to speed. If you have a good brain on you I should be able to get you to a good level pretty quickly and then you can impress that... whatever-her-name-was."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Are you talking about Hagami? Why would I - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You'll teach her, bond over your mutual love of the game, and then from there..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You have some strange ideas in that head of yours."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Do you want my help or not?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not really sure why Hikari thinks it's charitable of her to help me win the heart of a girl that hasn't said more than ten syllables to me, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I might as well humor her. It really does seem she doesn't see much of the world outside this claustrophobic room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Can you get the pieces? They're on the bottom shelf. No, over there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I've had to use this backup board since mine was stolen, but it works."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The plastic mat in front of her is, it looks like, a chess board, printed and laminated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't really remember how to set up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "A true beginner, hm..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So... You're going to set up?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I would rather not."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well it's not like I can."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I'm not... good with my hands."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if to emphasize, she holds them up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They're small hands, but that makes sense as Hikari is a small person. But there's something... off in the way that her fingers twist and she doesn't seem to be able to hold her fingers steady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she lowers her arms, I just catch a glimpse of her palms -- dotted with a blur of white and red welts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I, er, right, sorry. Just tell me where things should go, then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "That can be arranged. You do know how all the pieces move, don't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Refresh me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm glad Hikari agreed to teach me, versus trying to play me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's clear she knows about ten times more than me about this game and I can't imagine she gets many opportunities to play, lurking down here by herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When we're finally set up...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I move first then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Yes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Alright..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You probably shouldn't start with that piece though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's literally the first move."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "...That doesn't change it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Well... Pawn. E5."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What? Oh, right your hands."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So I move the pawn... here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Yes. Good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And then I'll do this..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I wouldn't do that. I can take your pawn for free."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Then what would you do?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What follows is some sort of parody of chess with Hikari basically playing both sides, but with me moving all the pieces on the board.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the end, I'm not sure which side won, but either way, Hikari is victorious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This is kind of exhausting..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You won't be winning anyone's heart with that sort of play. I may have overpromised when I said I'd be able to improve you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I really don't care about impressing anyone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "And you won't with that attitude. Although I guess you just need to always be one lesson ahead of whatever-her-name-was."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She seems pouty but I can tell she's in higher spirits than when I first showed up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why do you care about that in the first place?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I don't really, but... If I'm always stuck as a spectator to other people living their lives, then, I want to make things mildly more interesting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You'll get my actual chess set back tomorrow right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Then I'll keep teaching you in return."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm really not sure the value of that reward. This is only mildly less aggressive than Kenta badgering me about coins, but at least Hikari is better conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I say goodbye and head for the dorms.}}