{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The common room is mostly empty. Kenta isn't at his battlestation on the PC, but Hagami is in position at the corner of the room, reading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sure enough, back at the dorm, I find Kenta.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I also find about two hundred tiny, coin-sized boxes. This miniature shipping warehouse on my floor would be almost quaint if it weren't, well, on my floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good evening."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Good evening, Kenta. Is this business as usual?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Mostly, this is shipping day. Although I think I need to diversify soon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You're welcome to apply stamps to the boxes if you'd like."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why would I want to do that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Some activities are intrinsically enjoyable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sticking stamps on stuff isn't really my idea of a great time, sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Your loss."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I lie down. Not to sleep, it's way too early, but more to procrastinate the studying that I know I'll need to get to at some point this week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've been here two days, why does it already feel like I'm underwater?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Oh, an order did come in today. This is yours."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Take it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hands one of the coin boxes, but this one's already been stamped and shipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And of course, inside, is a small, copper coin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's a wheat penny. From the US."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you want me to do with it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Collect it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why would I - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Some activities are intrinsically enjoyable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Besides, most of my friends share a hobby. It makes people much easier to relate to."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I get it, you want someone you can talk coins with. You don't have a ton of friends, do you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I have hundreds. We talk every day via forums and text boards."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "On the contrary you obviously don't know anyone here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He's right, to some extent. Most people here are odd or inscrutable, but even the ones that aren't...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've been avoiding people, basically. Don't ask me why. I used to to think I was a pretty outgoing person but, Kenta's right, I really don't know anybody here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Now you have someone you can talk coins with."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I did say this morning I was focusing on welcoming you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Of course, storage is very limited but we might be able to make some room by consolidating the desk storage with dresser B."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll keep my collection in my pocket for now, I think."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "But thanks, Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You're welcome."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I'm not about to make sense of the shipping operation running out of my room, or meet with any of Kenta's forum-dwelling coin-collecting family...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can at least keep this one coin around. Thanks, Kenta.}}