{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My sleep is disorganized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Probably trying the math right before bed wasn't a great idea but it's more than that floating around now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko is... back?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That doesn't help especially if I start coming down with that usual fogginess if I talk to her or that certain sensation that a memory is "wrong" or foreign or planted inside by head by...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By whom? My ex-teammates for sure would want to get back at me or maybe those thoughts just generate out of nowhere but the strongest possibility is that Jun sent -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a letter from Jun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wake up again in the clinic and that letter is looking at me from the trash, unopened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I promised Kunida I wouldn't open it, the temptation is strong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 menu:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "How many times do I have to shred this thing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         The thickness of the envelope makes it hard to tear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         How many sheets of paper are in this thing? Is it glossy print or something?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I give up and search for a way to open the envelope to then shred the pages. Can't seem to find a seam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         In frustration, I ball the whole thing up and throw it back into the trash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It'll be gone tomorrow, it has to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "If it's still here then I was meant to open it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It takes a while to find where the envelope opens, but I eventually tear it open and a few sheets of ordinary lined looseleaf float out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I'm not sure which is actually the first page. On further examination, I'm not sure it would make a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "...a sport where each competitor on a fair playing field knows advantages and disadvantages. These weigh heavily! But that was before what I was referring to. Someone who told me what I know..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "...team players who can't follow the order of things mean I can't really say. But who's to say? It's as if I was just watching things. Did you ever stop to wonder? You were probably above certain things, but as a group..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It's garbage. Incomprehensible. There are real words here, forming real sentences, but they just flow on top of each other without presenting any sort of an idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Whatever Jun wanted to say, if anything at all, is completely lost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I flip through the rest of the stack. This sort of writing continues, unbroken for about a dozen pages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         There are the bottom:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Best wishes, your friend and captain Jun."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "..."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 jump day04}}