{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After an hour of navigating Kenta's elaborate sorting systems and doing nothing in the common room, followed by another arduous half hour of doing nothing outside of class, normal students start arriving at Mirako.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's no sign of Natsumi, but I guess she's always here late anyway. Instead, Meiko shows up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I knew this was coming, really, and this will just have to be something I deal with on a regular basis now... But Meiko arrives, and sits down next to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If there was any hope I could blend in and just be another person here...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Good morning, Takeru. It's good to see you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. Good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You've been here a while?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah Kenta rises at dawn. I don't have much choice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I thought I saw you earlier from the library."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You go to the library this early?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Haha, not always. There's a study group tonight so I need to brush up. I wouldn't want to unable to answer anyone's questions."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You've been here, let's see, how many days now? Three?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "About, yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Hopefully you'll get into the swing of things soon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is it that obvious I'm uncomfortable? I try to laugh along with her but she has some air of assuredness I just can't imitate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not long before other of my classmates start dropping by to talk to her - some to ask for help with English, one with forms for the festival committee, another girl speaking only in whispers before leaving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I catch Hagami entering, wearing headphones. It's strange, I never seem to notice her around. She's just... always tuned out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's one person that I can't place though. Mostly because it seems so out of character that it can't be that...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hikari? You're in my class?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's seated a place or two behind me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I receive only a scowl in return, and before I can press the issue, there's someone in the way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey! 'Morning, Takeru. Hey Meiko."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "It just wasn't morning without you. We were lost without our dear leader in homeroom."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Oh please."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Kunida just doesn't have the charm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I guess I'd better say my bit while he's still getting set up then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I could almost still be dreaming. My old acquaintance Meiko walks to the front of the room and in only a few seconds she has the attention of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Welcome, all. Hope you're having a good morning and I missed you all while I was traveling."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "With the festival coming up, there's only a few more days to get your applications in if you want to contribute as a club, and budget requests close a week after..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It really doesn't matter what she's saying, but that it's her saying it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did Meiko ever take the iniative and talk to anyone? I can't remember her talking to multiple people at once without clamming up or running off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wasn't...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems odd to remember all of this about someone that was barely anything to me before my year at Tohoku and my year at the feeder school before that when I left that it seems strange I even knew her name or face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At risk of drifting off somewhere before class has even fully begun I should stop paying attention to things like this or probing what I remember.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't remember much, actually.}}