{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko is taking her seat again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I can't belive it's coming up that fast."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's always nice to have the festival in the summer. It's a good beacon for the beginning of the year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You're looking forward to it, Takeru?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "To what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "The festival, you dumbbell. It's only what everyone's been talking about for the past two weeks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I've been here two days, fill me in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Okay, so you know a summer festival right? And those school culture days everyone's got? Oh and also how small towns always seem to have these little - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah, well take the best of those and you've got the Mirako School Exposition and Festival."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's an open-house sort of event. We have food, performances, basically show what Mirako is, who we are, and we that care about the community."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah and there are always fireworks at the end, that's the best part."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "The fireworks are off this year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Aw wait what? Really?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Staff orders."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That's a ripoff. How's Takeru going to see what the real Mirako festival looks like?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So it's not real if there aren't fireworks? I don't get it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Ahhh, well that's the story of the fireworks. You've heard of that, haven't you? Mirako school legend."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I think it's pretty obvious I haven't."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Under the stars, watching the night, the romance of the early summer, as the cherry blossoms fade..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Under that first burst in the air, you're sure to find true love."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I squint at Natsumi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She responds by winking at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "That's, uhm. Not quite what the festival is about."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Sure it is, ask anyone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Too bad they're canceled this year then if - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Shh! Kunida's started already."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "He started like two minutes ago while you were going on about romantic summers under - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Shhhhhhh!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Quiet down both of you."}}