{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hang around for a few minutes before lunch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi's obnoxious teammates show up, more students come to conference with Meiko before she slips out, Hagami leaves without a word to anyone with her headphones on (did she ever take them off?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But there's no sign of Hikari. It's like she up and left in the middle of the class. Did I really zone out that much?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That doesn't matter, really. I have something to do with my break again today anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the vandalized map now where it belongs in the trach can in my dorm, I rely on memory to find first the old wing, then the stairs to the odd little room Mana was turning into her own headquarters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Headquarters? Library? Clubroom? Something cross?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah I shouldn't get involved."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door is shut. When I knock, there's no answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All I really need to is to get that chess set back for Hikari, and then I can be on my way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would it really be so bad if I just went in and took it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I mean, this room is public space, right? And nothing in there really belongs to the supernatural club, it's just junk that Hagami and probably mostly Mana hauled in from the basement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door opens inwards with just the faintest creak. I don't know where the lights are but the place is well-lit by the sunlight through the out-of-place picture window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The chess set is easy to find as it's more of a chess box, and it sticks out on its shelve of clutter. The puzzle book is less obvious. Maybe I'll just have to ask Hagami for it before class some time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm almost at the door when I hear it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A voice?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In that one moment hesitation to identify the speaker, I'd already made my fatal mistake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The library door swings open, and with my arms full of chess set, I can't defend myself and I fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I fall in what seems like slow motion, towards the table, the last thing I see a stunned Mana standing over me.}}