{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not a memory, exactly. Not a dream, either. I'm just back on the pitcher's mound again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I remember correctly, it's the last practice of the year. It's Tohoku Highschool, so baseball is a big enough deal where even our practices have an audience. Especially the ones where I'm pitching. My audience sit, a few in the dugout, a few on the benches on the third base line. All watching me of course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's hard to describe the feeling when I'm up here. Everyone around me looks so small. Insects. Some of them might as well be. Anyone here without an athletic scholarship isn't worth the time. Up here on the mound, not even my teammates are good enough. In what has to be the top baseball school in the country, I'm what has to be the best prospect in a decade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind is a dull roar in the back of my mind. The trees, barren in the winter, creak and sway in the backfield. I'm staring into the gray afternoon sky, looking at some point to the right of the catcher, Furukawa. He keeps signaling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UNKNOWN: "Hey Takeru, you gonna pitch or what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UNKNOWN: "I'm freezing down here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jun is up to bat. He's never liked me. Probably just insecure that he's the captain and I'm some first year, and I'm already attracting scouts, already better-liked than him, already have my career laid out for me. Jealousy is such an ugly thing and still I see it in all of my teammates. At least with everyone else on the team, their jealousy just drives them to befriend me. Only Jun seems to show contempt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I remember him at the locker room, less than an hour ago, talking at me. I don't care what he was saying and every time I hear his words now they blend into that rush of wind. I don't care what Furukawa is signaling me to throw, either. The wind drowns him out as well as I glance to my fans on the bench, then deliver the next pitch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 menu:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Cutter":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Split-finger":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Four-seam":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll place this one...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 menu:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Middle in":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Down and away":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Up and in":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of them on the bench blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hate being undermined and I know Jun is working against me and if he didn't want this I don't understand why he argued with me in the first place but now I know I'm justified if I deliver which is why I made my choice the way I made it and I regret nothing as the ball leaves my hand and it all irrevocably changes but at first I don't understand why -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For one thing, I don't understand that screaming. Nor do I understand the way my friends and teammates gawk at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I may be the most talented but I am not the most perceptive which I why I think they must have all understood this all well before me and why they must understand why I have chosen to act now and so what must be so obvious that someone who swears he is my captain and swears he is my friend but continues to undermine me is an enemy of mine so -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All that blurring around me stops and I just hear the wind now. The wind and screaming. Screaming? The wind is a dull roar in the back of my mind. The trees, barren in the winter, creak and sway in the backfield. I'm standing on the pitcher's mound, just trying to find out why, or what, or -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can't. I don't understand that screaming.}}