{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least there's some normalcy when we get back to the classroom. Kenta and Natsumi are bickering outside, with Kenta only stopping from his argument to glare dagger at Hagami as she slips into the room. I'm less successful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Takeru! Yeah hey, Takeru!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Kenta's not studying for Kunida's test! Can you believe it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I'm not in his class. It makes no sense."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Because I'm studying for it! You've gotta help me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I can't help you if I'm not in the class. That's just how it works. This shouldn't be so hard to understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Fiiine, Takeru will help me then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's not like I know more than you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Great fit then. See you at the study session this evening? The one Meiko's putting together?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll probably fail either way but I guess it's worth a shot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Perfect. Takeru, stick around after classes are done. Kenta, you've been replaced!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "That's not what 'replaced' means. You can't replace me if I was never - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I ignore them and take my seat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko doesn't seem to be back yet, but in the back of the room, I spot Hagami, staring out the window, headphones on. Tuned out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And someone staring at me, too, from the back row. Hikari?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Man, what class is this, English?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "The class we have. Now. After lunch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You're even more zoned out than I am today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry. It's been a painful morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh yeah, hm, nice lump you've got on your forehead there. Did you get in a fight?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, with a door."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko arrives a minute later.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Hello."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You're almost late. Weird."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's been a rough day trying to catch up with all the festival work that's gone on while I was traveling."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I can't just take a few days off without consequence."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I guess. But you're still holding the study thing right? Guess I got coming?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Takeru?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I got - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Was it that obvious?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's pretty obvious I need the help..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Honestly I wouldn't worry too much. Just focus on getting comfortable at Mirako. I'm sure Mr. Kunida will understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I guess..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's funny.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She and Kunida keep saying that, about getting comfortable and fitting in here, but every day I feel more and more like this is a foreign country.}}