{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the end of afternoon classses, the room empties fast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before long, Natsumi and her crew of ball players are the only people left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Technically I think I'm supposed to hang around for Natsumi to find out where I'm supposed to go for this study group, but I'd rather wait outside than with this set of students.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They remind me too much of old me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside, I'm surprised to see someone waiting across the hall, arms crossed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Hey."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, hi Hikari."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiles when she hears her name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Are you actually in my class? You seem to be there half the time and the other half... not."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "In a a way. It interests me to keep tabs from time to time so I drop in. Or drop out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "They let you get away with that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "It's Mirako. Some students have... allowances, of sorts."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So you just come and go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I told you, I'm just an observer."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "That said... You didn't happen to find my chess set?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I think so. I don't know how many green and orange ones you'd find around here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "It's not that weird. I made that myself, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Made it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Carved it, painted it. Stained the board into the right pattern, too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I thought you weren't good with your hands."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari doesn't respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone else takes that moment of silence as an opening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru! You ready to go?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, just a minute."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Who's that you're talking to?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You haven't met Hikari? She's in our class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hikari, is it? I'm Natsumi, but of course you already know that. My name gets around a lot around here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi's laugh is met with icy silence from Hikari.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Don't mock me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You know who I am."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hang on, did we get another transfer while I wasn't looking?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You're worthless."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And with that, Hikari takes off down the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi and I are left staring after her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Eh, it's Mirako, you've got to let the weirder stuff slide. You're ready for Meiko's math-a-thon study thing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hang on, you really don't know her?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "No, sorry. She must be in another class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If you say so..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems a little far-fetched to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe Hikari is just a forgettable person? And she said she only sometimes even bothers to show up to class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But something feels wrong.}}