{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That discomfort hangs with me as we walk down to the library. Nastumi keeps talking about something or other, the team's next game, how great friends everyone is with each other...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I manage to tune her out until we reach the library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wow... It's a lot bigger than I was expecting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You like it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I kind of figured it smaller and dustier for some reason..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Right, this is the real library, not Hagami and Mana's antique book store.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah it's new this year. Even with all the tiny rooms this school has there still wasn't one with enough space for everyone at Mirako to cram in for a study session."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NASTUMI: "Soo now we have this one. Voile!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She holds open a glass door and I step in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a two-story space, with circular arrays of bookshelves and computers. All along the sides are glass-walled study rooms, with about a third of my class inside the one on the far right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Ah! Takeru, you found your way here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You can thank me for that one. He was so zoned out I think he would've wandered into a wall if I hadn't pulled him by the ear."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks. I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I think that's everyone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So how exactly does this work?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "We'll just try to go through the homework and practice problems. If everyone seems stuck in the same spot, we'll work it out together."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "And you're working with me, remember?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Trust me, I remember."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although by the two hours that follow, Natsumi and I don't "work together" so much as "fail together."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This material is pretty much beyond me, and Natsumi sure isn't any help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru, what'd you get for this one?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I haven't even started that problem."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Well neither have I. Why do you think I'm asking you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "No helping it, time to ask Meiko again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's in this for Meiko I have no idea. She seems to bounce around from group to group and from time to time works through something on the whiteboard for all of us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's basically a remedial math class. Didn't she say this morning she had woken up early just to master this stuff?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I feel almost like we're taking advantage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Time to call it a night. Any more of this and I'll end up brain-damaged."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Judging by how much we got done I'd say it's probably too late."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey speak for yourself. Thanks for your help Meiko!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "My pleasure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Catch you later, Takeru, it's Team Dinner Thursday."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sure enough, there's two or three guys outside the library that she joins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The one wearing a baseball cap waves at me for some reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wave back, but... something's nauseating about it like I'm dreaming again or...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...like he knows something me but why would random classmates know about Tohoku but then again he's on the baseball team so it's possible it's related but he couldn't have read Jun's letter because I shredded it right I can remember that much.}}