{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Are you alright?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just lost in thought a bit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Hm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I realize the rest of the room has cleared out. Meiko looks about ready to go, but instead she takes a seat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You know, you seem a lot different than I remember from when we were young. It's strange seeing you not constantly on the move."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Things have changed a bit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "But I guess it's the same for you, right? I used to be the one pulling you through the homework."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Really?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. After..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You can go ahead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean, after you lost your parents, you were in pretty rough shape."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You were gone from class for the longest time. We didn't think you'd come back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Hm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "But I guess, you're completely different than what I remember. I don't think I'd ever heard you speak up in class and now you're class rep?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Haha, I do what I can at Mirako. I want to have a good future ahead of me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'm looking at law schools so I'll need the grades, for a start. And there's a lot of people here relying on me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Mirako's a good place for that. You can depend on everyone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Guess it's a change for the better, then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Haha, except I've always been like this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe I'm misremembering..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "No, after Mom and Dad died there were some rough months, but I didn't waver."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Good exam scores, a top tier school, a law degree. Or maybe medicine. That part's still foggy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko laughs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I never got to thank you for sticking with me though. Having a friend like you really meant a lot back then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "...You look a bit out of it again. Are you okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko was always someone who was... just sort of around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sure, she was one of the neighborhood kids, but she couldn't play baseball so I stopped caring about her as soon as I was on a team. Boy-girl childhood friendships rarely survive middleschool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I guess that would've been it if she hadn't been orphaned in a traffic accident. I visited her at her aunt's a few times after that, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's the extent of my memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Am I wrong?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's a miracle you're back, really. What brings you to Mirako?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Tohoku was..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I didn't work out. I lost my scholarship so now I'm at Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Haha, that's a funny choice, to come to Mirako afterwards, all the way out here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kind of a funny choice if you're looking to get into a top college too, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We blink at each other for a few moments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I get the feeling that she's being dishonest. But maybe that's because I've just lied to her face myself. Did she do the same?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko is smiling, but there's a tiny fire behind her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That I recognize. That's still Meiko after all this time. Even back then she didn't shrink from looking you in the eye, and you felt it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We both laugh at the same time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Tell you what, let's get lunch tomorrow, in town. I know a good spot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You can tell me about baseball. Or not. Or we'll just remember what we got up to in elementary school."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You're a lot different maybe but I still think of you as a good friend. I hope you feel the same."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Of course."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like I'd say anything else when she's that earnest about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'm glad. I've got your back, right? So if Mirako gets to be too much for you, let me know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks, I appreciate it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You live down in the Shizukawa dorms right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, are you headed back?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I think so. It's been a long day."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'd come with you but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's that rectangular lump that is the chess board still sticking out of my backpack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I have one last errand to run."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "No worries. See you tomorrow at lunch then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "See you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiles and leaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I gather my things, I can't help think how much she is unlike any of the other students here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone seems like how Hikari warned me the first day: maybe a bit neurotic like Hagami, or caught up in their own world like Mana or Kenta...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Meiko doesn't even seem like an average high school student. Her self-assurance makes it seem like she's already achieved her dreams.}}