{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My mind wanders as I pass through the unused hallway into the maze of Mirako.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a light still on from under the door of the old library. Is someone still there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kunida's office still seems to be occupied too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally I reach the disused tearoom, but for once there's no sign of Hikari haunting the place so I just leave her chessboard on the table and leave...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...not before making a mental note to remind her just how much it cost me to get it back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Man, is my head still all swollen up?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Next time she can get her own junk back..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stop talking to myself when I realize I'm not alone in the hallway. There's someone up ahead who just stopped dead in their tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hagami? Sorry, I didn't see you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's alright."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I guess that was you upstairs..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why are you here this late?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Studying. Not much"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Kunida's test."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, you should've come to the study group. Meiko runs them. My partner was pretty questionable but the thing on the whole was pretty helpful."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I wanted to, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami remains for another few seconds, but we keep walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're headed the same direction. Guess everyone is headed home this time of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I needed to ask you something?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Or I guess..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "First I'm sorry I made a fool of myself this afternoon, I don't know what I was thinking, that..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh I don't mind. It was a joke, I get it. If I seemed annoyed it was because Mana had just concussed me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "She..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Well, what I wanted to ask..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's not important."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't press her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But still, we walk together out of Mirako on the road to the dorm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together enough anyway, her trailing a step or two behind, silent the whole time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence was uncomfortable this afternoon, but now, in the evening, against the backdrop of cicadas, it seems almost appropriate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When we come to the bridge, though, I notice Hagami is no longer behind me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's looking at... it. That ruin down on the waterfront, just visible against the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I've been wondering about that burned building. What is that place?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...Don't know. I've only been here a few weeks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's not really a 'place' any more though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's an object, not a place."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "You can't really... go there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's a shell. Whatever purpose it served is..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She doesn't have to complete the sentence for me to know what she's talking about, even if I don't quite understand her meaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The river is audible underneath us, even if the surface hardly seems to move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami takes a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "What I meant to ask... Mana is..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I owe her a lot so I'm trying to look out for her, and she really wants to start a club here. That's..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's sort of her dream of highschool, of being a club president and having friends that run around and..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I don't know. It all seems very exhausting to me, but, it means a lot to her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "She's just starting out but it'd be a huge help to her if you'd agree to join."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "You don't even have to come after school. Just put your name on the paper so she can recruit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "You have every reason to think I'm strange or offputting but... You could do Mana the favor?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I could probably do it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...Just like that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean just putting my name down doesn't cost me anything. You're not asking me to tell fortunes at the festival or anything, I just have to show up on a list."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "No fortunetelling, for sure, I'd die before I - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Yeah..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Well..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Thank you. Really!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She walks past me and down the road towards Shizukawa.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I follow, but, it's clear she doesn't want to continue this conversation, and soon I lose sight of her among the low buildings and cafes that line the main road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is there between her and Mana?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami seems even less enthusiastic about this whole "supernatural club" than I do...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is this a mistake?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reminder to Takeru: double-check any paperwork from Mana... If my concussion today has taught me anything, it's that this is dangerous ground.}}