{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hospital is far away in my dreams tonight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's no letter, no Mirako, no psychiatric ward to worry about. No broken bones, missing teeth, shattered wrist...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's just practice at Tohoku.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's my last? Right before the end of the year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The locker rooms at Tohoku are top-notch of course. I think half the minor league teams would be envious of this place. Hell, my locker even has my name on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then again, half the other guys have unmarked doors. You probably have to be like me to get your name printed on everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My guess is it's another half year before they start putting me on the advertising material. I wasn't a starter at the fall tournament this year, but after Hifumi gave up six runs, and with our seniors graduating, I know I'll have a spot next year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hifumi himself, now, is consigned to one of the anonymous lockers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Oh, Takeru. Didn't see you. It's scrimmage day, are you pitching?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Of course."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "I'll have to watch. Let's see the 80 MPH on the fastball, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm saving that for the actual games, okay? Don't want to blow out my arm on a practice game."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Yes, yes, right. Well it's still an honor to see you pitch!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Good to hear."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the guys in my year butts in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Wait, Takeru, you're red team captain?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's what Jun's saying."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Aww man. I'm blue captain! And I thought my first time being captain was something to celebrate..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "Jun must be playing a joke on you. Sorry, Kaz."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Better luck next time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Let's make a bet. If I strike you out, then - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Ha, stop right there. Do I even have one hit against you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Doubt it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Then take up your bets with Jun. He's the only one that's gonna get anything off you. I'm beat before I start!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIFUMI: "You'll get there Kaz."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Nope! Not biting!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KAZUMI: "Hey Jun! Takeru's got a bet for you!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The captain sidles over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wouldn't bet against him, obviously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not just because he's my senior by two years, or the captain, or that he's probably the only one on this team more heavily scouted than me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He just... doesn't like me. Hifumi, Kaz, the rest... They're all my friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It must be envy that makes this guy my enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Takeru. You're captaining red team today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh I already knew that. I've got my picking order all set out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're not first, by the way. I'm taking Hiro. Got to have my catcher."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Of course, of course. I figured. But really that's not what I meant."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Hifumi, Kaz... give me a second here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm left facing the captain in this corner of the locker room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can read it in his eyes that he means me harm on some instinctual level but it's probably a more calculated cold feeling from him that he's no longer the best the most popular on this team that he knows his position has been usurped and that I am the enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He. He is the enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "You've been a bit off lately Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not sure what you mean."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "The guys might laugh at you a bit, but I mean, it's all just between us all, you know? We're still a team, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "So I'm saying, don't hold it against them, if you can."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Not everyone might see it but I know you've got some talent."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "So let's make the most of it, yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Kaz is gonna pick me for blue team, you know. So I'll be first up, I hope."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Show me what you got, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Always."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Oh..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "This might sound weird but screw it. If there's anything on your mind it's my job as captain to make sure you can do your job."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "So... Talk to me. I don't judge. We're a team here, and I think you've got a bit of me in you. So you're like my little brother, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Just give the word. Got it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks. Captain."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUN: "Any time. And I'm calling home run to right, first pitch. You got that? Give it your best out there, Red Captain!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After gesturing towards an imaginary right field... He heads out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little brother?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That patronizing attitude is essentially why I feel he's the enemy because he can't relinquish his grudges drive him to these petty actions like that little talk was belittling to the point that everyone must know what he thinks that -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - traitor to the team.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Traitor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I will show him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First pitch, home run, right field?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We'll see how you like this, Jun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take the mound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We'll see how you like this.}}