{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something hits me in the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No something's hitting me all over I'm kicked in the ribs mostly but my arm is broken as well as the collarbone -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mainly something is hitting me in the head. Directly in my forehead. Repeatedly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Next time you can just push me out of the bed or whatever, just not the poking, please, I beg you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "When someone says 'good morning,' it's considered polite to - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Right, right, good morning Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh and when you're surfing the net for coin deals, find me an actual alarm clock. Please."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Why would I be looking for coin deals?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Isn't that all you do all day?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I sold the last coin yesterday. You might want to get your memory checked. I explained all of this in depth last night."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Must've missed it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Did you explain why?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's time to move on."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You spend hours telling me all about the virtues of coins, collect them into my dresser, then decide that yesterday is 'time to move on.' Great."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, at least that means there will be some room for my shirts in the - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta, what are all these wooden boxes doing in my dresser?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Those are display cases, not wooden boxes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why do you..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You know what, I'm tired. Where do I find my pants?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "The pants drawer."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Where - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Other cabinet, second drawer from the top. You really should get your memory checked out. I'm starting to get worried."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks for your concern but right now I'm more worried about wear to find my shirt."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "All of our shirts were getting wrinkly so I ironed them, but they're still in the shirt drawer."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You know, you make it very difficult for me to complain about you. You might hide my clothes but you also do my laundry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's technically our laundry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Never mind, I'll still complain then. Still, who irons anything these days?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Attention to detail is important."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Then where's your tie?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's uncomfortable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's part of the uniform! So having an ironed shirt is important, but following the dress code is not?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "See, you understand these things when you put your mind to it. I wish you'd try this hard all the time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta if I tried any harder I think my brain would give up and go back to sleep."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Is that sarcasm? What's that supposed to mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It means it's way too early in the morning for me to deal with this."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}