{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think I vaguely remember Kenta going on about selling lots of coins last night, but I didn't imagine that he'd shipped everything off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...or reorganized the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Regardless, it takes double the time I would've liked to get out the door this particular morning, so, it's just about the time that normal people would start walking to school.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slightly abnormal people too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yo! Kenta, Takeru!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "'morning, Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're not at the bridge yet when she catches up with us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "No morning practice today. Do you guys always walk?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "We're late today though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "What a coincidence, I'm super early."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I didn't know you lived in the dorms."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Can you imagine taking the train out here every day? Pretty much everyone who isn't from Shizukawa lives in the dorms."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You probably just don't see me because I'm hanging around the field all the time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Speaking of which! Takeru!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You're a shameless liar! You totally did play baseball at Tohoku?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Who told you that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "A little bird."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A little bird named Meiko, no doubt. I should probably tell her to not spread that around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I washed out. I don't play any more."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Dude, if you were good enough to even warm a bench at the mighty Tohoku Industrial School, home of ten summer tournament pennants, then you're more than good enough for Mirako's team!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Don't be so humble about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Look, I'm sure your team is great and all..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Well we're nothing like Tohoku but I swear we're gonna make a run this year. And the team is great. We're like family. Kenta can tell you, he ran our numbers last year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It was briefly interesting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah, so Takeru if you're briefly interested, come down to the field after classes today and I can - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not playing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Just like that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm... self-conscious about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's true enough, although more, I just desperately need an out of this conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're on the bridge now. Talking to Meiko I swear it could be me and Jun back then. I have to stare at our reflections in the water to rid myself of the image.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "...can at least come to a game some time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Awesome! Maybe I'll see you this Sunday then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I doubt it.}}