{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kenta wanders off when Natsumi and I reach our classroom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I notice in the back that Hikari hasn't bothered to show up -- her desk is empty. So is the one between me and Natsumi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...Weird. Meiko seems like the type that'd always be early."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Nah, she's always running around in the mornings. But she'll be here before Kunida, for sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi snaps and as if on cue, Meiko walks in and takes her seat between us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hi Meiko! Right on cue."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Cue? Well, good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You look out of breath."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I had to talk with the principal over at the staff office on the third floor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Now that's a workout."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Takeru, you're still good for lunch today?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yep."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Wait, you guys have some sort of lunch date?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well I wouldn't call it - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That is insanely cute."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh shut up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Takeru and I were really close growing up. There's a lot of catching up to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Ah, Mr. Kunida is here. I'd better get things rolling."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko delivers the morning address as Kunida pulls out his notes and shuffles them around in the background.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's annoying looking at the man. He seems like an absentminded goof but he's the reason I'm going to going to be stuck in study sessions from here until next week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe I could just flunk out. That'd solve a lot of problems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course once the lesson starts, I'm completely lost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "What is this..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Dunno."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Takeru, let's flunk out together."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm kind of ashamed that we basically have the same thought process."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Shhh!"}}