{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That woman across the hall wakes me up again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's been a week in a row that I'm up before dawn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By far the worst part of being at a psychiatric clinic is the other people here. My room is decent enough, well-lit and with a TV where I could catch spring training games if I wanted to. But if I can help it, I never leave my room here or I'll run into people like that lady across the hall who insists on waking up the whole wing by screeching at the top of her lungs at seven in the morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without anything else to do, I stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My schedule is sparse today. My usual shrink is out of town on holiday. The only person I have to deal with today is a Mr. Kunida, some out-of-towner that no one has mentioned before. There's a couple hours before then to kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman across the hall finally shuts up but I'm still trapped in here. I guess if I really wanted to I could leave the clinic, but then, where would I go?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a postcard on my nightstand. On the front is a photo Tohoku Highschool, best baseball school in the country, top in appearances at the national championship, most scouted by the majors, etc etc. I'm a student there but all they sent was this glossy postcard with a photo on the front and a form greeting on the back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "'Wishing you the best from Tohoku Highschool! You'll be back on the field in no time!'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah right."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's the stock card they send everyone with a sports injury. I've seen over a dozen of these things, signed them all as well. The one I'm holding though doesn't even have the principle's stamp on it. How long ago was it when Furukawa broke his arm and we all doodled ourselves on his card, and came and visited him the hospital, too?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one's visited me. Not even my parents, after the first week. Probably it's easier to say you have a baseball prodigy for a son, as opposed to... whatever I am now. Less than an insect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've been here long enough where I can wear something more than a hospital gown so I might as well take advantage. When I'm dressed, I take my pills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "'Take once daily, for the rest of your natural life.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wonderful."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I flip through the channels on the TV. One of the doctors suggested I follow baseball spring training but it just disgusts me now. There's nothing else decent on either. I'm left to flip this stupid postcard back forth, imagining any of my friends bothered to write anything on it. That's how I'm still passing the time at noon, when Kunida shows up.}}