{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At lunch, all rise. Most yawn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The peace doesn't last long, with small talk about the upcoming festival and upcoming exam dominating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And the room is downright noisy once Natsumi's other teammates show up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I soon find myself outside with Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You said you know a place?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "That's right, it's a cafe on the main road just over the bridge to Shizukawa. I'm sure you'll like it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a beautiful day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This far north, or maybe this far up on the side of the mountain, the summer heat seems less severe. The woods this side of the river are in full green. But the river, as always, remains still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Turn left. That's the place, right there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The Lotus Room?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "That's it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For such an eastern name, it seems like a very western cafe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything is in dark hardwood, and the main attraction seems to be a coffee bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The patrons are mostly elderly Shizukawa residents, seated with a river view in booths elevated a few inches off the floor. There are one or two thirty-somethings with laptops, but Meiko and I are the youngest here by a mile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This is your usual spot?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I can't really afford to come here much wihtout the student council, but it's a nice break once in a while."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "And this is a special occassion after all."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unsure what else to do, I try a forced laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm really not all that special."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Maybe. You don't have to be special to make a difference."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'm not anyone important. You know that right? But I like to at least think I make life better for everyone I know at Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "And even if you don't think that much of yourself... You came along at the right time for me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Without you I definitely wouldn't be here at Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEKIO: "That has to count for something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm trying hard to find in my memory anything that would make Meiko have this positive impression of me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm interrupted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Do you know what you're ordering?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "A sandwich, I guess. It's all that's for lunch, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'll just have a coffee maybe..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'm curious, though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "About what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You said you remember a 'me' that was so different than who I am now..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I wouldn't put much faith in that. There have been a lot of people questioning what I remember lately."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "No, that's... alright. When I moved in with my aunt and uncle, when Mom and Dad first left, it..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Do you remember that day we took the train up north?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The train? No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Mom and Dad were buried on top of the same mountain as Granddad and his family. We went that far up north, you and me.""}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO "You don't..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can't remember anything, except that her parents died in that accident. Any trains, graves... It's a fog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Then can I tell you a story?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Good by me."}}