{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's hard for me to tell if's it's the atmosphere or else her words that settle me into Meiko's tale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not that it's a story. It's also my memory, from something inside me that really would prefer not to remember when I was like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I remember it anyway... Meiko and I...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's she's saying goes something like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VOICE: "We were both twelve. It was about a month after the accident. Mom and Dad were resting with my dad's side of the family, the rich ones."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VOICE: "They were maybe four hours away by train. Auntie sure wasn't going to take me up there. On my own I don't think I would've made the trip."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I vaguely remember that. There was a park she wanted to visit, desperately. Up north somewhere. It was supposed to be a mountain covered in cedars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Around that time there was very little else she wanted to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VOICE: "I don't know how I got you onto that train, haha. I'm sorry if I was a little pushy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know this feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Usually when I wake up, I'm lying in the hospital, or I'm back at Tohoku taking the mound. But now I find myself in another dream.}}