{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry. I've got a ball game tomorrow. Shun's coming back from vacation and he hasn't played pickup in ages!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "...oh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Then... are you doing anything today? This afternoon?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Dunno. Let me see. Mooooom!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We arrive at the train station soon after. My parents were a little trepidatious about the whole thing, but they knew Meiko's circumstances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They even gave us money for the train.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm distracted, as usual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko probably wasn't thinking right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Did you see that man on the station? With the cane?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Sorry, I didn't."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "He was holding up the line trying to order tickets. Wonder what the cane was for? He looked like he could walk fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I wonder."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I hope I never get hurt that bad where I can't walk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "No more baseball?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Exactly! And carrying a cane everywhere looks like a pain."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughs, quietly. I don't understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But as the train slows down, her expression changes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Takeru! We're on the wrong train! We're going backwards. What do we do?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "We get off and turn around, silly. Come on!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before I can finish speaking, the doors slide open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is this a popular stop? I have to practically haul Meiko out before the doors close again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Phew!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Let's go! We gotta find another train or it'll be too late to do anything when we get there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Coming!"}}