{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This far north, this hour of day, this time of the year... It's chilly outside the station.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road isn't long. It's some suburb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are a few houses here that are absolutely huge. Not mansions, per se, just the ostentatiously large variety of home that the rich-but-not-mega-rich use to flaunt their wealth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I gaze up at a third floor bedroom, framed against the overcast sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "C'mon, Takeru. What'll we do if it gets dark?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "We're fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I follow in silence as we come up to this park of Meiko's.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We pass over a foothill and the road inclines. The houses are now smaller and sparse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The very last building is a shop. It doesn't look quite like junk, or even an antique store. Souveneirs maybe?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a curve ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just up the steps, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a series of paved stairs under a sign advertising the entrance. Cedar Park and Cemetary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take the steps two at a time. Meiko trails behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the top, the stairs open out onto a fenced terrace. Benches line a circular path in front of a grove. Beyond, just the first row of grave markers is visible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I turn around. Meiko is still on her way up... I guess there were more stairs than I thought if even I'm out of breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But beyond her, the terrace overlooks the road and part of the town. It's captivating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'll keep on going, I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Ah! Don't sneak up behind me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You don't want to check out the view first? I think I can see that four story house from here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her back is already turned. There's a slump to her shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Should I go?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would probably rude of me to follow her back to her parents' grave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The benches aren't very comfortable for my wait, unfortunately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back at the fence, I think I can spot the train station from this height. And if I lean way over, I can just see the roof of the shop at the foot of the path.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 menu:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Head down to the shop. Maybe they'll have a gift for Meiko or something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         $ meiko += 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         $ ribbon_given = true}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I have nothing better to do. This time down the stairs, I try three at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         The shop looks much less inviting from this angle. Vintage dresses sit on display in the window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I enter anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         WOMAN: "Good afternoon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Hi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I poke around after greeting the cashier, but as I suspected, there's nothing of interest. It's mostly clothes, used books, and the odd antique piece of carpentry or farming equipment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         WOMAN: "Can I help you with anything?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Nothing, thanks. Just looking. Actually..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         A hatbox on the counter catches my interest. It's filled with hairclips, each adorned with a different bow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Could I buy one of those?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         WOMAN: "Sure. Which color?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Doesn't matter."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         She seems happy for the business, and at least now I have something for Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         As the door closes behind me, I feel the oddest sensation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Like I'm waking up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         VOICE: "I cried my eyes out, of course."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         VOICE: "And then you weren't there when I came back. I panicked for a second, but then I heard the bell on the shop door and I ran over to the fence."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         VOICE: "You were running up the stairs of course. Two at a time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I hear the jingle and the slam of the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         From the top of the terrace I watch myself start up the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         This is going to be a cold walk back to the station. The wind is bad enough up here as is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         When I reach the top of steps, my breath is ragged. I almost don't notice Meiko at the top, gazing over the fence into the clouds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         In the direction of her gaze...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         There's a streak of violet in the sky as the sun goes down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Are you all set?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "...I think so. Thanks for coming Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         She sniffs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "I got this for you. It's not much, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I pull the clip out of the bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "You didn't need to, really..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         She immediately fixes it in her hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "How's it look?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Just right."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It fits her like the last puzzle piece. The color suits her perfectly. It's...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         menu:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             "Turquoise, just a shade lighter than her eyes":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 MEIKO: "Thank you so much."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             "Pearl gray, a match to the clouds behind her":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 She pauses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 MEIKO: "It's beautiful."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "It's just a small thing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "I'll treasure it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Right. Aren't you cold?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "Oh... I hadn't notcied."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         With the arrival of sundown, the purle in the sky is gone. It's just.. gray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Come on, let's head back to the station. We got here way too late."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "Sorry, I should've paid more attention to the train, then we'd have more time..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Don't worry about it. It's a story to tell right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "Haha."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         This time I only walk down the steps one at a time, next to Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Better to wait here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         The clouds lose their tint of blue and fade to gray with the arrival of twilight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Meiko's still back there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Sitting up here, on this hill, I'm overcome with the strangest feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Like I'm sleepwalking, like there are two sets of eyes watching the rolling horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         But that even though I, Takeru, should have seen this landscape once before, six years ago...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         That I've only been here in a dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Not my dream either. Today I sit up here for the first time. This view, and this entire day are someone else's dream, specifically...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "Thanks for waiting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Oh, it wasn't anything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "And thanks for coming out here with me. It really does mean a lot. Without you, Takeru..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Her eyes are bloodshot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "You're shivering."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "Oh. I didn't realize it had gotten this cold."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Because it's getting dark. C'mon, let's go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "Sorry, I should've paid more attention to the train, then we'd have more time..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         TAKERU: "Don't worry about it. It's a story to tell right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         MEIKO: "A story..."}}