{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the way back, the conversation isn't as bad as I'd have expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko seems to know all about the acquaintances I left behind at the old middle school we used to attend together. She remembers a lot more of them than I do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just how much of that time is foggy to me?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By my math it's only been about four since I've seen Meiko. My year at Tohoku, and before that the time at the feeder junior high, where the scouts sent me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's nostalgic talking to her about those people I used to know. I don't think I ever went back after I left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We reach the bridge. I notice Meiko slows down, but she faces upriver, away from the ruin downstream, and towards the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 if ribbon_given:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     As she stands there, leaning over the railing - that's when I see it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     She still has that ribbon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     When did that happen?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     The first day I saw her here outside the dorms, she wasn't wearing it. I haven't seen her wearing that in class, and at the study last night she didn't have it. And today at the Lotus Room, when we first showed up... it wasn't there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     TAKERU: "Meiko..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     MEIKO: "Takeru?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     TAKERU: "When did you start wearing that ribbon?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     MEIKO: "This?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     MEIKO: "Haha, I don't think I've gone a day without it since you gave it to me, Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     TAKERU: "Really? Even here at Mirako?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     MEIKO: "It's part of who I am. I can't imagine not wearing it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     TAKERU: "That..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     I'm feeling dizzy again, I half-stagger to the railing next to Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     The still water of the river below reflects us both and while I'm straightfaced the Meiko next to me wears a faint smile the mirror of the ribbon still there in the reflection below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     The way I see it there are only two possibilities here but only one is possible that I've forgotten that day on the hill and the ribbon yes but also that Meiko was always wearing that when I saw her here but then why does my memory say - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Don't trust your memory. Trust what's in front of you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     You'll be fine, Takeru. Remove this from your mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     The ribbon... I try to pinpoint that day I last Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     But...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     TAKERU: "I never said goodbye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     She's watching... something out there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     I join her at the railing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     While something out there holds Meiko's gaze, I can't bring myself to look towards the horizon. Too bright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Instead I find myself staring at me, reflected in the water. Next to me, Meiko closes her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     MEIKO: "Why didn't you say goodbye?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     TAKERU: "Huh?"}}