{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "No, you never did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "One day you were just... gone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Did you get my letters?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm sorry, Meiko."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "When I first moved I figured that it was my big break, and that I was going to be a pro, so  everything back from before didn't seem important."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I... probably hurt you pretty badly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Not really. I missed you a lot at first, actually. You meant the world to me, the way you were there for me in the difficult years."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "But it'd be selfish of my to object if you left to follow your passion."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kind of a waste though, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "How so?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean, I went to that feeder school for two years, plus a year in Tohoku practicing every day, and I completely broke things off with you and everyone else, so that I could..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So that I could, what, end up here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I wasted three years on baseball, basically, and I gave up all my old friends and you along with them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Not quite. You would've never lived it down if you hadn't taken the scouts up on the offer."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Even when things don't go to plan, they can still change you for the better. Who's to say I'd be where I am now if I hadn't gone through the rougher spots in my life?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "And you didn't give up our friendship."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, I definitely did. Look, I'm sorry if I've been weird or distant since I ran into you here. I just never expected to see you again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I forgave you a long time ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That doesn't stop my from feeling guilty."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Then do something about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Guilt is a negative emotion, yes, but you can turn it into something positive."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "If you feel like you wasted all that time, then isn't this like a second chance?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Meiko reflected in the river has her eyes closed, but her smile is ear to ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I really wish I could change the past but if that's impossible...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's great to see you again. I thought you'd ignore me or hate me after I just disappeared on you like that but it's nice to have someone I know here at Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Same here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I wonder what I did to deserve this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems like an odd choice of words, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the time I've been here at Mirako, she's the most sincere person I've met. Maybe now I can drop the uncomfortability that follows her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 if ribbon_given:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     But, still, as we walk up the road to Mirako, something seems off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     It's that ribbon in her hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     It can't have been there before, no way. I remember very clearly that she's never worn that before. Not now, not today, not back before I came to Mirako.}}