{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't get much done during afternoon classes. There's an uneasiness I can't shake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 if ribbon_given:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     It's not just that dumb ribbon of hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That story Meiko told, about the cemetary on the hill... I have no memory of it whatsoever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko, next to me, is writing something into her notebook. Looks like she's got basically the entire board down there, in her small, neat handwriting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My own notes are blank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe what I can't shake is that there's someone watching. I turn around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "...!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari? She startles for some reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think I should be the one surprised though -- for one that she'd come to this extremely boring history class, for another that she's now seated directly behind me, staring daggers into the back of my neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I turn back around, but the teacher is erasing the board. And everyone is packing their things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATUSMI: "You're just gonna sit there, Takeru? Class is over. You're free."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh. Right."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Speaking of free, hey, Meiko -- there's no practice this afternoon. Want to take the bus into town a bit? We haven't been out in ages."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Sorry, Natsumi, the festival planning committee's got a meeting this evening."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Fine, maybe I'll make Takeru come."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We head out while stays behind, sorting through papers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not coming."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Don't be dumb, I only said that to make Meiko jealous. For the record, you're not allowed to steal her, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I wasn't planning on it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That's boring."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good afternoon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh hey, good afternoon Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You. I'm here to continue our discussion from lunch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Don't you 'you' me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't really remember your name, so much as you're the person who's always outside this classroom who has very incorrect opinions on which stats should go towards a player's overall hitting power numbers, among many other things."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Nope, not getting into this now. It's my day off, so Kenta, if you want to get into this you'll have to start running stats for the team again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Or find me at lunch tomorrow. See you around, Takeru!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She winks and walks off.}}