{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "She's only running away because she knows she's wrong."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Don't go after her, Kenta, really. It's not worth it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have that feeling again. Like someone is...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good afternoon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She is there, across the hall. Staring at us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi, Hikari."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good afternoon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "When someone says 'good afternoon,' it's considered polite to say it back to them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You're all impolite to me constantly so I don't care about manners that much."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't how you expect to be able to hold a conversation with someone if you don't even follow the same rules of common courtesy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I was hoping to talk to Takeru, not you. Do you have a minute?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sure, I guess. I'll see you at the dorms, Kenta?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Goodbye then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He spends a couple seconds scowling at Hikari, but they both simultaneously spin heel and stalk off down opposite directions of the hall. I'm left to chase after Hikari.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry about Kenta, I know it looks like he's a jerk but he's not that bad."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "He was in my class last year. I know him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh."}}