{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Takeru... Hey, you're Ichiro Takeru, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Of course. Was afraid I'd gotten the wrong room there for a sec."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man called Kunida smiles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the past month or so, I've seen enough people pretending to be concerned about me that I've learned to recognize when someone's faking a smile. This guy though, I'm not sure he'd be able to smile properly if he tried. I doubt he's even 30 yet but there are enough lines on his face to make his laugh sound especially forced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What're you here about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Ah sorry. There was a pamphlet that should've showed up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "I'm a math teacher at the Mirako School for the Gifted. I'd..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "We're prepared to offer you a spot this year, if you'd like to attend. I know changing schools can be a big experience for someone your age, and you're probably dealing with much more important - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, yeah. Mirako? I got the pamphlet."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Good. If you have any questions, I - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I think you've made a mistake. I'm not gifted. You're in a psychiatric clinic, right now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "I know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If you think you're trying to recruit some baseball player on the cheap just because I've lost my scholarship at Tohoku, it's not going to happen. I'm not playing for you or anyone else or - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Nothing like that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Then why are you here talking with me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Hm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He's staring at the Tohoku postcard on the nightstand. I wish I'd remember to turn it around, to make it less obvious nobody signed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Takeru, did you read the brochure we sent, on life at Mirako?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He's a teacher at this place, Mirako. I want him to scowl at me like all the psychologists like to do, but instead he grins with about half of his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Of course not. I keep trying to change the name of the place but it's a lost cause."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Our students are unique. Maybe not everyone's the most suited to acing their college entrance exams, but our school is for students who see there's more than that. Mirako is - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry. You said your name was Kunida, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I know you think I'm some prodigy who got caught in a psych ward by mistake but there's something wrong with me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Two weeks ago they told me I'm a schizophrenic. I'm supposed to be on meds until I die or until I snap. I'm not some misunderstood genius or whatever your boss told you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm never playing baseball again for as long as I live so stop trying to recruit me to your little country school. It's not happening."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other half of this guy's mouth smiles, and he takes a seat next to the nightstand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "I've been trying to get Mirako's name changed for as long as I've been teaching here. I'm actually a graduate myself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Basically... Mirako's a place for unusual students. I don't care if 'unusual' for you means that you're talented in an area most people don't appreciate, or you think differently than most people your age..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Probably a third of the student body has been where you are right now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What, sitting in a psych ward and feeling stupid about a postcard?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don't ask why I don't like this man. It's probably because he can sit there half-smiling while on the other side of the conversation, I have no idea how or if I'll ever get out of this place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Struggling with mental illness."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "And most of our teachers have studied psychiatry in one way or another. We're far enough out in the countryside where Mirako is a popular choice with the local kids, or anyone who doesn't quite feel like they fit in, whatever the reason."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I remain silent, so does Kunida, his mouth level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "It's your choice where you end up, but, I think Mirako can help you, if nowhere else can."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "By the way, the front desk told me to give this to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Another letter?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This one isn't some promotional pamphlet. It's hand-lettered, with no return address. As Kunida hands it off to me, his hand linger on the envelope for a moment, but he ultimately sighs and hands it over. We both stare at the return address, and I don't know if it means anything to him as it means to me... but the author of this letter is my old captain, Okahata Jun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Fan mail, I guess. Did you know him from... before your diagnosis?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I only got a diagnosis a week or two ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Then... I'd advise you not to open the letter."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm about to question this man, this total stranger standing in my room, when he mumbles to himself then says:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "You don't have to understand, but I wouldn't open it. Most people don't have the perspective you have, admitted here, at a psych ward, so - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "Well, I left another of Mirako's brochures. Take a look. I promise if you decide to come to our school, we'll do everything we can to make sure you're comfortable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I want to hate him for condescension or for insincerity in his eyes but I can't read him at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead I find myself studying the Mirako brochure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "'A refuge away from it all...'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kunida stands up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KUNIDA: "You'll find my number at the end of that paper if you need me. You've got an important choice ahead of you, so... If there's any doubt, I hope I can help you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I hardly hear that. I'm more glad this intruder is gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...even if I can't help looking at this paper he left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not like there's anything else to do here... No one to talk to, nothing changing, nothing to look forward to except the wakeup howling of the woman across the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I tear the postcard from Tohoku into four pieces. The letter from "Okahata Jun" I tear down the middle, pause, then shred into ribbons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's only once the thousand pieces are in the garbage that I try to figure out why I just did that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I'd love to say it felt empowering or that I was somehow leaving that world and that author behind, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Damn it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't want to go to some new school in the mountains. I want to go back to Tohoku and my friends, before anyone told me I was schizophrenic, before I had to make decisions like these and my biggest worry was my top MPH.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not possible, obviously. My scholarship is gone. My friends have made it clear they're no longer my friends. Tohoku is behind me and Jun's letter is in the trash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mirako card flips over and over again in my hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At about the tenth flip I stop caring about where I'm going. Mirako's as good as anyplace else. It doesn't matter where I'm going, I just want to get out of this gray purgatory that I'm trapped in now.}}