{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Did you want to talk to me? I noticed you were in class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Really?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Of course. I looked straight at you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I thought maybe you'd forgot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "My memory lasts a bit longer than five minutes, thanks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I didn't really have anything to talk about though. I just wanted to thank you for returning my chessboard."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "...I assume it was you that returned it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, Mana stole it. Looks like she and Hagami are taking whatever looks interesting from this wing and moving it up to the old library."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So if anything goes missing, it's probably up there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "If anything goes missing, I'll send you off to get it. I'm not setting foot in any room that's host to people calling themselves a 'supernatural club.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's really that silly to you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Extremely silly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Would like some tea?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, we're... here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This whole time I guess I've been following her down to the tea room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "If you'd prefer the jasmine again, it's in the same spot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll take that to mean that you'd prefer jasmine tea."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "...That might not be wrong."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least this time I don't need Hikari to walk me through the process. Before long I set down a mug before her and take my seat opposite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sometime between now and yesterday, she's set up the chessboard in the middle of the table. All the pieces are lined up, painted that odd green/orange scheme instead of black/white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game looks ready to start, except... One of the knights is missing. Instead, on my side, second square from the left, sits a thimble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry, looks like I didn't find all the pieces."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "It's one thing to hide the board, but you're telling me these people hid the individual pieces?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...I may have dropped the board."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "That was clumsy of you, wasn't it? You know I made this myself, don't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well I got hit in the face and knocked out. I didn't have much choice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "That was also clumsy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari sighs. Funnily enough, I notice she hasn't touched her tea, she just sits warming her hands by the mug like it's some miniature campfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I suppose I still owe you for bringing it back though. Do you want to play another learning game?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You need to keep in practice if you want to impress that whatever-her-name was."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hagami? Oh, it's funny - she actually doesn't care about chesss at all. Mana just took the board for her because Hagami mentioned she'd rather start a chess club than a supernatural club, of all things."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I'm starting to like Hagami more. What else did she seem into, then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hagami? I don't know. Old music, maybe? Maybe just old radio? Books?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I'm pretty well-read. What sort of books?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er... Something something metaphysics? I don't know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Metaphysics."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami makes a face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't even know what that is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "She actually does want to be in a supernatural club. Metaphysics is just ghosts and for people that are too uptight to actually say it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "It's very silly. And I don't know anything about music so chess will have to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Pawn. E5."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "We're playing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Of course. I thought that was obvious."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I march the orange pawn up two spots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari scowls at the little pawn as it sits out there in no-man's land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's strange. That scowl has been on her face since she was talking to Kenta.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was it only two days ago that she seemed so bright?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe I can bring it back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "For the record, it wasn't clumsiness that got me knocked out. I was trying to sneak out of there and got ambushed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Oh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. I picked up your old board and next thing - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I put most of my focus into trying to understand what's happening on the chessboard rather than my retelling of waking up to a quilt, a headache, and A Briefer History of Post-Hume Metaphysics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nevertheless I am thoroughly beaten. I'm not sure if it was beating me or my story of being beaten that improved her mood, but Hikari seems a little better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Reset the board. This time I'll tell you what you're doing wrong."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I might've volunteered to sign up for their club though. Not that I'll actually go to anything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I'd hope not."}}