{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Plus I caught lunch with my old friend Meiko today. I might not see either of them around much any more."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Meiko?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "She's our class rep. Turns out everyone looks up to her as - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I know who she is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari is sour again. Should I just drop it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "What do you mean old friend?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You don't look all that happy about knowing her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Never mind, I don't know her, I just know of her. Take your turn then tell me how you know her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "We were friends growing up before I left for Tohoku. I mean, if you had asked me yesterday I would've just said we were acquaintances, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't know. It's kind of complicated."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Knight F3. Part of this deal is that I'm only teaching you if you keep me up to date about Mirako and I think this counts. Why is it complicated?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game slows down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Probably because I'm trying hard to choose my words telling Hikari about this. Don't ask me why I feel like I can confide in her. There are even a few moments when Hikari sits frowning at me instead of immediately barking her orders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a bit I realize though, what I'm telling Hikari isn't what I remember, it's just what Meiko told me I should remember.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do I trust Hikari with this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Take that whole thing with a grain of salt though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Oh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "My memory is, er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Nevermind. You'll think I'm crazy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You walked into the most obvious fork play just now so I already think you're crazy. Take a step back and think a bit and decide what you want to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh. Whoops."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, it's just..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "When I was diagnosed with schizophrenia, one of the questions the doctors always asked was if I'd had any hallucinations. But, I mean, how am I supposed to answer that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Because hallucinations are defined as seeing or hearing things that aren't actually there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So if I saw or heard things that never actually happened, how would I know they didn't actually happen?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "That makes sense. But how is it relevant?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "When Meiko was telling me all this, it felt like the past was blank."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The feeling was that... whatever I wanted, I could do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Whatever Meiko said happened, or I mean, whatever I remembered in the moment, I felt that would become the truth."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And now that I'm telling you all this I realize I have two sets of memories. The first is what I would've told you any other day: that Meiko is just some acquaintance I forgot when I went off to play ball at Tohoku."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "But now all the evidence seems to point to that we were basically best friends and..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 if ribbon_given > 0}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     TAKERU: "And I gave her a ribbon that doesn't show up in any of memories, except for today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     TAKERU: "Or maybe it's in all of them and I never noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So what gives? It's either..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "First possibility: Even back then my mental illness was showing and ever since I was in middle school I've been building this false version of events for myself..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Or else, second possibility: It has nothing to do with schizophrenia and I'm just the most forgetul person in the universe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Either way, doesn't look too great, does it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "There's a third possibility."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "That the past actually changed out from under you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Ha. Like that's possible."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Sure it is. You were so upset about your childhood friend Meiko that you invented all these details about your past life together, and suddenly, those details became the real thing..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Don't you think that makes more sense?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's an evil grin you've got on. You're making fun of me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Oh, I'm sorry. If I had an unladylike look on my face it's because this is checkmate."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Fantastic."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So now that I told you all that, you'll tell me how you know Meiko?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wasn't that the deal."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What? I go and embarass myself like that and you're just going to say 'no?'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take a breath before tearing into her, but her shoulders slump and Hikari starts talking first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "That might've been the deal but I don't feel like talking about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You didn't embarass yourself, by the way, on the chessboard or your story."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You're a beginner at the game, and I wasn't mocking you about your memory."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Then you were seriously saying that you think what happened, in reality, actually changed?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Maybe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's ridiculous."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I've seen things more ridiculous than that. More cruel, but funnier too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But her face drops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Isn't it getting dark?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Fine. Come back tomorrow and I'll teach you how to spot forks and pins, because at this point you're hopeless and even your Hagami, who believes in old music and alternatively-named ghosts, would be able to beat you without even thinking."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why are you so hung up on my impressing Hagami? Didn't you even just say she was - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Hikari is smiling again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "See you, Takeru. Don't stress yourself too much."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If you say so. See you later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I leave Hikari to her unlit room and untouched tea.}}