{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not sure why - the halls feel darker tonight. The only light is the one under the door to Kunida's office.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even so, today's paradox weighs less heavily. Even if all Hikari did was basically imply I was a lunatic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mirako seems abandoned. No one is in the hall. At the entrance all, still, only a single silhouette against the glass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately that's someone I recognize.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru? Takeru!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi Mana. You're here late."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Yeah, that's 'cause I have to wait for my ride."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Speaking of waiting! Hagami and I waited and waited at lunch and you never showed up!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hold on, who said I'd be eating with you? I have friends in my own class, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Yeah, yeah, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I've been working so hard to get you to come! Don't you like having lunch with us?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's about 50/50 around you that I end up with a concussion."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But nothing happened this time, did it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...It's not too late."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take a step back out of reflex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Don't you run away! I wanted to ask you something, too!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What's up?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Are you in any clubs?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean, er, I'm in the - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "If you don't have anything else to do... Then can you think about the supernatural club?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh... Yeah, Hagami told me. You always wanted to found a club."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No! That's not it! That's backwards."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I want to have a bunch of friends, and I want us to get up to all sorts of things, and I want Hagami to be one of them. And she doesn't have many friends."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hagami asked me already. I said I'd already put my name down. You need, what, four members to be official?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "If you don't show up that defeats the point!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I like everyone. I could get along with everyone! Hagami's always been really picky though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And it looks like she's alright with you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "She played a practical joke on me, then got visibily uncomfortable after about ten minutes and hid."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "That's progress for her! Especially if she's going around asking you to sign up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Look... You guys are nice and all but half the time I've had lunch with you guys, it's been to get away from my even more obnoxious classmates who also want to have lunch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If you've met Natsumi, you'd understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "That, well, um..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "That's okay. Can I tell you a secret?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I don't care that much about the supernatural. I even told Hagami I'd found a chess club with her if that's what she wanted! But she's a super great person and she deserves to be happy so I want her to have a place where she can feel at home, and that will be my club."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Didn't you just start school here a few weeks ago? How do you know her?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "We've been friends since way back and I've lived in Shizukawa for ages. Hagami transfered here because I'm here, so I've got to do my best for her. You'd do the same for your friends!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My childhood friends... Would I?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Come to at least one meeting, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "One meeting?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Tomorrow after school. We'll be in the old library."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You better show up! Or else, or else..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I instinctively cover my head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "What're you doing that for? It's not like I'll attack you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well you've done it two times already."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Those weren't intentional! Take that back!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Ow! Ow, quit hitting me with your bag. Fine, I'll come to one meeting. Tomorrow?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Yeah the old library. Right after class!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Thanks Takeru! I know Hagami will be happy!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I rub my head on the way out of Mirako.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The irony isn't lost at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neither of them, Hagami or Mana, say they care anything about the supernatural club. Yet here both of them are, trying to recruit me claiming they're doing it for the other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Search me why I agreed to this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I continue down the road to the ridge. Best get home before it's completely dark.}}