{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back at the dorms, the common room is almost empty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The PC, though, is occupied. My incorrigible roommate Kenta sits at the commander's chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "'Evening, Kenta."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good evening."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're on those online auction sites again? I thought you were through with collecting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Through with collecting? What gave you that idea?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta. You sold all your coins. How am I supposed to not get that idea?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Selling a collection is one thing. Calling an end to collecting is another."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So you're, what, buying stamps to make up for the coins?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Stamps? That's very pedestrian."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, there's like a collecter hierarchy? The coin collectors look down on the stamp collectors, and the stamp collectors look down on the doll collectors, and the doll - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Don't be absurd."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's more like everyone looks down on stamp collectors."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How's that different from what I said?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "A hierarchy is defined as having multiple tiers. Two tiers, where one tier is comprised of a single element, is hardly a hierarchy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Cut me some slack..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What're you ordering then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I can't tell you here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "There are enemies."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta, there's practically no one here. It's just and..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just us and Hagami, in the corner, reading, with her headphones on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're telling me Hagami's the enemy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "She's my lab partner."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, 'partner.' She's not your 'lab enemy.' Stop holding these grudges."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "She refuses to cooperate on even the most basic assignments. She runs away whenever I try to give her even the most basic feedback. She is the enemy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kenta glares at Hagami. Hagami flips a page of her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...You know what, I think I'll go do my homework in our room instead of out here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't mind. Just make sure the textbooks end up back in the same - " }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Got it, got it."}}