{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My sleep is interrupted again tonight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over time, I've come to tell the difference between I wake up into reality, and into when I wake up into a reality that isn't quite real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sure, this hospital room was reality once, but I left days ago. This is just my brain replaying a memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it's such a memory...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I clench my fingers into a fist, then release them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it's such a memory, then why does it feel I could do whatever I want?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I could tear the wallpaper off the walls, beat the stuffing out of my pillow, walk out that door and run away...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I could also read that letter, the one sitting on my bedside table, addressed to Ichiro Takeru with Takeda Jun listed as the sender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Couldn't I?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 menu:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Open that damn envelope."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I take the letter into my hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         How many times have I sat here in this ugly, uncomfortable bed, staring at this scrap, wondering what to do?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I flip it from back to front.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         There's no seam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Front to back, back to front, spin it around to find the seal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         There's just nowhere to open it. The envelope has no backside and I can't work out Jun ever got his letter in here in the first place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Screw it. I'll tear into this thing, I don't care how ripped it'll get.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         But...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It doesn't tear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         How many pages did Jun stuff in here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         No matter how much I claw at it the thing just won't come open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         That's fine, I can always deal with this tomorrow when I wake up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         I stuff it into my duffel bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     "Leave. It. Alone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It's one thing to think that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It's another to do it, when I hold the letter, in my own two hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Why did Kunida tell me not to open it anyway?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         What could he possibly know about what my old captain Jun would write to me?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         What would he write to me? Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Would Jun hate me now? Pity me?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Those are the questions going through my mind as I throw the envelope into the waste basket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Except I actually throw it into my my empty duffel bag, off in the corner.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Later I'll figure out what this letter means and what Jun wanted to say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now is just not the time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll do it later... later...}}