{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I lie starting at the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any moment I expect Kenta's shadow to loom over me, but it's too early even for that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I must be really out of sort of I'm looking forward to seeing Kenta of all people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just forget it... Only a dream."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It must be before dawn. Sitting up, I can barely make out the river from the window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I start rummaging through the dresser.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I can tell myself I'm only looking for socks in this messed up sorting system, I pass over the drawer where Kenta's probably hidden them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What I'm really looking for is that duffel bag, the one that I showed up with a week ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I left for Mirako, that's all I took: one bag of clothes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe the item I'm looking for wound up in the box of junk Tohoku sent when they cleaned out my old dorm, but I doubt it. I have a very clear memory that I put it into this bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's in the bottom drawer. Kenta must've put it here the first night I arrived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing in the bag itself. Nothing in the front pocket, rear pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the far side of the room, Kenta snores.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This is pointless..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But when I unzip the last pocket on my old bag, a piece of paper slides out. This one is addressed to Ichiro Takeru. From: Takeda Jun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stare at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do I have enough light to read this right now? Do I want to read this right? Do I want to think how this got there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So I keep staring at it.}}