{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until something just beyond my focus stares back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is that... eyes? Reflecting the dawn light? Eyes from the bottom of the dresser drawer?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eight tiny dots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I lunge for the lights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yep sure enough there is something hideous in that drawer with eight eyes like a spider and a body like an ant and claws like a scorpion and behind it in that drawer are eight more eyes, eighty more, an army of -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What the hell are those?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Oh, good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Kenta there's some sort of infestation. They're in the dresser, there's like a hundred of them. I'll try and crush them with my bag, you go call pest control or - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "When someone says - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe you stay here and fight them and I'll go call the army. But that's weird why aren't they..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Are they dead?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "The camel spiders?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The... what? You knew we had a spider infestation and you just throw them my old duffel bag?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "They're not technically spiders. They're arachnids, to be sure, which is why I'm interested in them, because I figured in a field that broad I needed to start with a specialty, and - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of the bugs appear to be dead. And they're all sitting in a plastic tub with a mailing label stuck to the top.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're collecting hell-spiders. In the dresser."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "The display dresser, yes. But again, they aren't spiders. And I could think of several more descriptive terms than -"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "When were you going to tell me about this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I tried last night, but I definitely meant to get to it today. Tomorrow is Sunday and I was planning to preserve them then, if you'd like to help."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're asking me to help you dunk these things in spider embalming fluid?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Arachnid embalming fluid, yes. Or was that sarcasm?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "More like disbelief."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I figured you'd be happy the coins were gone. This is a pleasant surprise?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, Kenta. I don't think I've ever woken up in terror that a 100 yen coin was going to eat me alive."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I'd be pleasantly surprised if I found a box of camel spiders. Especially considering how much I paid for that one. Almost a quarter of the proceeds from the coin collection."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know, I'm going to go back to bed, wake up, and pretend I wasn't just traumatized for life this morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wake me up when it's time for school."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Ow! What was that for?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It's time for school."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's been less than a minute!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You're very hard to understand sometimes. You say one thing and then get angry when I do what you ask."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Alright, let's call it even then with the whole stealth spiders thing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You'll help me preserve and mount them tomorrow then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That is not at all what I said."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When we head out the door, Kenta is still talking alternately about insect preservation techniques and the going rates for different frozen samples. I can't say I'd ever imagine I missed antique coin chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, I'm distracted enough by the letter. It may still be unopened, but now it's sitting in the bottom of my bookbag. Just waiting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn't imagine it.}}