{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As usual on Kenta's schedule, I'm at homeroom well before classes begin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi's nowhere in sight, but Meiko has papers spread out all over her desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Hello Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey Meiko."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You look a bit dazed this morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 if ribbon_given:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Am I staring at her ribbon a bit too obviously?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     It's still there, isn't it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Somewhere in my head that memory-that-didn't-used-to-be-a-memory is replaying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     She can't know that, can she?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's an old feeling that my thoughts are leaking which while I know they can't it isn't comforting as Meiko tilts her head but she smiles nonetheless as if to -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Your eyes, I mean. Didn't sleep well?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, just my roommate. He's a bit... eccentric?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He's a bit annoying, is what he is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Who are you rooming with? There's a good chance I know them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Kenta! Undou Kenta!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "When did you get here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I was right behind you this whole time, you just sorta looked lost in thought."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You're lucky you have such an interesting roommate. Mine is hardly ever around."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, if you're around the dorms tomorrow, tell Kenta you're looking for a more interesting roommate and maybe he'll let you help him freezedry spiders."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Yeah, I know Kenta... I think I put through a roommate transfer for him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So you're the one I have to blame for this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "What're you working on, Meiko? Don't tell me you left homework until right before class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Oh this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If all those pages on your desk are Kunida's math homework then I definitely do any of it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "No, just more festival planning. I was here anyway for the meeting this morning so I figured I'd get started."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "None of it's very hard, it's just... work."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't think I've ever seen Meiko tired, but her smile immediately reappears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It'll be worth it, of course."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Ah, Mr. Kunida's here! I almost lost track of time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She leaves her papers to head to the podium, and the day begins.}}