{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why does Kunida have to teach first thing in the morning? With my head hurting like this right off the bat, I'll be lucky to recover by lunch, let alone in time for the next class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two seats down Natsumi looks like her brain's been fried too. Meiko, though, still has her papers and notebooks spread over desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've written about ten lines in my own notebook, although half of them are just "???" repeated the width of the page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It really would save some time if I just left now to become a janitor or cashier instead of pretending I belong here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time lunch rolls around, I've added another dozen lines, most of them still "???," but lunch is lunch all the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That was brutal."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "See you later guys, team lunch today!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "See you later, Natsumi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...I guess you usually stick around here for lunch, then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You can tell?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The forms and notes still cover every inch of Meiko's desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Ah. It's usually a working lunch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's rare I get the time to just eat quietly without something else going on."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Always busy, huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Seems to work out that way. But then again..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She glances at her pencil. The tip is broken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Did you have lunch plans?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not really."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Want to find someplace quiet? I could use a break."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My immediate instinct is to question her motive or question my motive or generally just to back out, but, she smiles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Let's go."}}