{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a detour to the cafeteria, we end up on the roof.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or, part of the roof, anyway. Mirako is such a sprawling school that only part of the roof is accessible. The rest is either closed off, undeveloped, Japanese-style, or accessible probably only by hidden staircase, knowing the rest of this place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least there are proper tables.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The "quiet" spot Meiko finds isn't so much quiet as much as all sounds are present, but muffled. The chatter of students down below in front of the school, the wind in the surrounding forest...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But not the river. Even if it is visible from up here, in all its glory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You like the view?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's not bad."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's an advantage of having the school on the hill."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I never realized Mirako was this... big."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The grounds seem to stretch on longer than they need to, and over a hill I can make out fields and a baseball diamond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Best to watch the river, I figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You like Shizukawa?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's alright, I guess. I mean, I haven't been around town yet. Just the dorms and your Lotus Room place."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Oh, no, I mean the river. The town's named after the river, of course."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You saw me looking at it? I'm just trying to find something..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ruin of course. It must be visible from up here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Then if you don't know about the town, and you don't know about the river..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "How about Mirako? Hard to think you've been here a week already."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Mirako... Well..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wish I could find the answer to why I don't want to answer her honestly, but it's fleeting and hard to pin down and I suspect it's just one of my flaws.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's alright."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You can't really be indifferent about everything, now can you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, not..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's alright. Trust is a difficult thing. You probably expected to meet me here even less than I expected to meet you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She seems so open with everyone that the guilt gets to me. Guilt? Or a feeling that metaphorically Meiko has been waiting, hand outstretched, and I'm being an idiot in the corner refusing to shake it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Mirako's great and all but I don't think I really belong here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You think?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, I mean... I hardly know anyone. I can barely keep up with classes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm pretty sure when Tohoku let me go, they only referred me to this place as kind of a mercy killing, like letting me out to pasture."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sure it's better than them just kicking me out, but I keep hearing everyone say it's supposed to be a sanctuary or a place for like-minded people. I don't really think I have a 'like mind' to begin with."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If this is a second chance, I'm in the process of blowing it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "That's funny. That's almost exactly what I thought the first day I was here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You? I figure you showed up and everyone acknowledged you as some sort of like, platonic ideal of the Mirako student."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Haha, I'm glad you think of me like that but I was as anxious and unsure as anyone else starting a new school, away from home, with no one I'd ever met."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You're a star athlete, so I'm sure you learned early to put those nerves behind you, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not as much of a star as you'd think."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or as good at getting used to this place. I'd start a thousand games before I set foot in Mirako.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'm not talented like you or Natsumi, or gifted with brains like Kenta or any of our other classmates. My only skill is that I learned to channel all that unease into hard work."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So now you're top of the class, just like that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It wasn't an easy thing, but anyone could do it, if they tried. I'm confident about that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Maybe you just need someplace to put your focus. Have you found a club yet? Natsumi is a good friend but I know she can be ferocious when she's recruiting, so ignore her if you want. Find something you're passionate about."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No clubs. I've got an invite to the supernatural club but that's barely meets the club definition."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Haha, I didn't know we even had one."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Maybe that can be your mission, to bring it to fame at Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I think I'd rather jump off this roof than be remembered as the savior of the supernatural club."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'm sure you'll find something. For me it was the student council. I wanted to become someone that could help guide everyone else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I glance at the bundle of notebooks Meiko's still holding against the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even during lunch, up here, with me, she can't put those away?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How much do you need to know to get the festival work done?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Hm?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean, let's say your average underclassman off the street decided to help the great festival planning committee. Would that be at all helpful?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's simple stuff, it really is. I just end up with all of it because I'm there to pick it up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "...You're not saying you'd like to join the festival planning committee? After never seeing the Mirako School Expo before?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, I really don't care about it that much, but if you're breaking your back doing legwork for them every day, and I'm sitting here moaning about being useless, it seems pretty obvious."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I really don't mind. You shouldn't feel obligated."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean, I owe you one, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "For what? It's the other way around, isn't it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "For up and disappearing on you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You're still caught up on that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a brief moment where Meiko is unreadable. She's staring down at the river, not at me, but I can still see a tremor, before she closes her eyes, then turns toward me to smile once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You shouldn't worry about it. It all worked out in the end."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Humor me then. What would I have to do to help out?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You're serious about this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Serious as the grave?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Where do I start..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Alright, so my real headache these days is the budget request forms. But you have to understand how we hand out the funds and the space to..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'm ahead of myself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You're sure you want in on this, Takeru? It'd be a relief to me and I'd be thrilled to be working with you on this, but it's a lot of boring work for someone who just came to Mirako this week."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe that's what I need."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Haha, alright, then it might just be a working lunch for you from now on. Got a pencil handy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yep. What needs to get done?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I finish my lunch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Somewhere between explaining all the politics that go into something as innocent-sounding as the Mirako festival, Meiko finishes hers as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It sounds like a huge mess to me: student groups and clubs on one side fighting for real estate and funding, and then the school administration and the Shizukawa town bureacrats trying to dictate things from up top.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And they put Meiko in the middle of this?}}