{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm somewhat relieved that the only responsibility I come away with is that to track down some club leaders and team captains to actually submit their forms correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which, to be fair, will be pain because half of these people are my seniors and I know none of them, but it sounds like a breeze compared to what Meiko and the committee have to deal with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko leads us back down into Mirako while pulling out one page at a time from her set of festival materials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "...and if they don't sign here, we have to go back and redo it, because the guys down at the municipal building can't file it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Alright, so make sure they sign."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I tried to mark off what's wrong with the original form, but I might've missed some spots. Review them if you have time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Okay. Got it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We near the classroom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to me, Meiko pauses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's the usual bickering voices outside: Kenta and Natsumi. But is there someone else too?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh come on, Kenta's fine, you've just got to be a little flexible."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I still don't understand why she isn't here in person."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Because you're terrible! Who would want to see you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That's a bit of stretch. How about we just, y'know, take a step back. Don't make a big deal out of it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "This is a big deal!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Can you please just explain what I did wrong?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You must've done something awful because Hagami hates you! So if you don't apologize - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Your reasoning doesn't work. If whoever you're talking about - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Kenta, hang on - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's hard to tell what they're all going on about, but Mana is standing in middle of the hallway bellowing at a puzzle Kenta.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Natsumi is standing between them, but judging by all the curious students (and Natsumi's teammates) now watching, this doesn't look like it's going to break up any time soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only one of my classmates has the guts to elbow through it all though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Natsumi! What's going on?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "This girl shows up and starts yelling at Kenta about something or other. Search me if I can figure it out. It's damn noisy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Kenta's a friend, and he's pretty relaxed, so I can't have you shouting at him out in the hall, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "He's being mean to Hagami! I know it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Stop just assuming - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Alright, everyone inside. Natsumi, Kenta, come with me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "But - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'll sort things out, don't worry. Just come on inside."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "What did you say your name was?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I'm Kunida Mana."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "And I'm Kotaru Meiko. Please hold on a minute while I get this settled."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko all but pushes Natsumi into our classroom, while Kenta just wanders off. With Natsumi gone, the ball players disperse, and Mana is left there fuming at nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Mana?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru! What're you doing here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's my class, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You have class with that jerk?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You mean Kenta? No, he's just my roommate."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Your roommate? You're friends with that guy? You, you - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You're not welcome at supernatural club! Don't come to lunch with us! I can't believe - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I've known the guy a week, Mana. We're just roommates by chance."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why are you up here yelling at him?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami doesn't like him and it's affecting her grades. They're lab partners! And if Hagami doesn't like someone, they must be trouble. He's the worst!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I'm really tempted to agree...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe I'll talk to him at some point..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm sure Meiko's got it handled."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "That student council member?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Meiko's good, she's a professional. Trust me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I dunno..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She glares at the open classroom door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Class is going to start soon. Guess I'll see you around?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You'll see me this afternoon you fruitcake!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...Didn't you just uninvite me from your club?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I take it back! Sorry!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Wait, I've got a lab in the basement, what time is - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Dammit Takeru why didn't you tell me it was so late? I've gotta..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Bye!!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana takes off down the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looks like it's finally cleared out around here. My head is still spinning a bit but I return to class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I take my seat, Meiko already has her papers spread all over her desk. Natsumi, however, sits there with her arms crossed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Well, if it isn't Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey Natsumi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Here I was, thinking you were such an upstanding guy, and you don't stick up for your friends. For shame, Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I bet Meiko told you off."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "...Maybe she did, maybe she didn't."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Come on, Meiko, at least let me be mad at Takeru if I'm not allowed to be mad at that random girl."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "No can do. Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I actually know her, anyway. I've bumped into Mana a couple times."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Ahh, that explains it. Caught between two friends, the valiant Takeru couldn't decide whose side to take."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "...wait, Kenta and I were on one side, versus just Mana on the other. Seems pretty obvious to me whose side you should be on."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Some of us prefer finding a just solution instead of just taking the majority opinion, Natsumi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hmph."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'll find Kenta after class and we'll see what's going on. It's kind of you to jump to his defense but, well, Kenta can be Kenta sometimes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Tell me about it..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Shh, class is starting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not that I really care about this history lecture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems Natsumi doesn't either. She sulks into her notebook for a minute before staring at some spot just beyond the window. My guess is she forgot about the whole thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strangely enough though, that seat in the back row is empty. Hagami was here this morning, wasn't she? But now there's nobody in the back row, except for -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I accidentally make eye contact with a nonplussed Hikari.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh well. Time to salvage what's left of afternoon classes.}}