{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spirits are high as classes end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which I guess is natural. Tomorrow's Sunday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But for me, there's still one big obstacle before the day off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Supernatural club... Why'd I have to go and get reinvited..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey, did you say something Takeru? Stop muttering."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Nothing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Well I've got a game to get to, so I'll see you guys later. Ciao!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko waves as Natsumi exits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Although I should probably head to the student council room..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You have the festival club forms, Takeru?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. I'll try to start this weekend, if I can find anyone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "It's a real help, thank you again. If you need anything, I'll try to be around the common room, alright?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I almost forgot you lived in the dorms too..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sounds good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Enjoy your Sunday."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take my time pushing the contents of my desk into my bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are plenty of other dawdlers hanging around the classroom, but I guess when I was talking with Meiko, I missed Hikari on her way out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's fine I guess. I'm not sure if there's anything I actually wanted to talk to her about. More that she's the only one I've told about my uncertain memories when it comes to Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And instead of working those issues out today I've just managed to dive further in. It doesn't make any sense. How could I have two sets of memories?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Snap out of it..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are bigger issues to tackle right now. Specifically: surviving Hagami and Mana's supernatural club.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I find my way to the door by the old library easily enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem is going through it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Probably there's no one even in there, so why do I feel like I've been set up? At least this time I make sure to keep a few feet back in case it swings open in my face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Against my better instinct... here we go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hello?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first I don't see anyone. The light from the picture window is fading, and the only sound is static from the antique radio. Then a head surfaces above a stack of books on the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Takeru?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh. Hey."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This is where I'm supposed to be, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Yes, sort of, but well..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Just your name was fine. You didn't have to come."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Mana asked me to."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "She... what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I probably shouldn't have mentioned that..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...It's fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I clear a space at the table (the side without the girls' manga strewn all over) and pull out my math notes instead of a book. Might as well get some work done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Where is Mana, anyway?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Don't know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe having an afterschool throwdown with Kenta or something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh right, you weren't in class so you probably missed that. Mana showed up outside my class and started yelling at my roommate. Apparently - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I saw it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait, then..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, I get it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's the reason you weren't in class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami doesn't respond, but she vanishes again behind her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You're lucky you have a friend like that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...I still wish she wouldn't put me on the spot like that though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I page through my notes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's rough going. If I didn't understand the problem in class, what chance do I have on my own?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, at least I'm further along than yesterday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence in the library isn't as offputting as I thought. Hagami doesn't make any effort to start a conversation, and neither do I, but it seems there's some understanding that neither of us need to pretend to be interesting in smalltalk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, the soul of the supernatural club arrives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagamiiii!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I'm sorry, I forgot we were meeting today, I got sidetracked trying to find that jerk in your class, and then I got distracted when - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh and hi Takeru! I forgot you were coming too!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hi."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami, you have to have shown Takeru all the Seiji's Spellbound Heart stuff right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You didn't? Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami lowers her book, but by the face she's making you'd guess someone had a spotlight in her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I did not."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Then how are we gonna convince him to join?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What're you talking about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Seiji's Spellbound Heart! It's the manga we're making. Hagami's being a pain and won't go ghosthunting so it's all we do as the supernatural club. If it works out we'll sell it at the festival."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I do the art and Hagami does the writing. See it's all about this ghost hunter club, and these high school students Mei and Masahiro run it, but then they summon Seiji who's a ghost, and then there's love triangle with Seiji, and - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's really good, Hagami does the romance stuff perfectly, and Seiji has this bitter and tragic backstory about how he died back in the Meiji era, oh and he's really really cute, let me get my sketchbook..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across the table, Hagami is staring at some point in the distance... and turning an alarming shade of red. She glances at me before stammering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I-it's more a c-coming of age thing than r-r-"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No it's totally a romance. Here! Look! It's Seiji. Isn't he amazing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "He's very... sparkly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Yeah that's because he's a ghost."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "We're sort of still planning it out but maybe you can help with lettering? Or it'll be great, we'll get a boy's perspective, I'm sure Hagami has a lot of questions!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I... do not have any questions."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not really sure I'm the best guy to ask for insights into a guy who died in the Meiji period anyway."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Darn. But we've got to make it the best we can! It's the perfect plot, summoning the world's cutest ghost from beyond the grave, and then they're your boyfriend?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's every girl's dream. This is it! A classic for the next generation!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "So what do you say Takeru? You'll help out, won't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I squint hard enough, I can almost see the same sparkles radiating off Mana that she's drawn around her ghost boyfriend on the sketchpad she's holding up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across the table, Hagami still has a thousand-yard stare and a tomato-hued complexion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll think about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coming here was 100% a mistake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My guess is Hagami is also thinking the same thing. She shakes her head and immediately drops behind her hardcover, some indeipherable book about French opera.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Okay, great, I know just what'll convince you. Hagami, where's you put the first draft?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's... been... destroyed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No it hasn't! Where'd it go? I need to show Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hang on, I have a copy in my bag somewhere..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The contents of Mana's bookbag steadily stack up on the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's sparkly boy sketches, English notes, magazines, more sparkly points, a couple light novel volumes titled "My Rose-colored Life (even though I'm already dead!!)," and finally a spiral-bound notebook with lined paper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami was going to throw this out, can you believe it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Here! Read! You'll fall in love with Seiji, I know it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not, er, actually a teenage girl, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "He's just that good!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana hands me the notebook, but I slide it across the table to Hagami...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...who immediately whisks it out of sight. My guess is that thing is going to be burned as soon as Mana is out of sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru! You traitor!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll read it once you guys have the definitive edition out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...See? Takeru agrees."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami, you too? Do you want this published or not?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Never mind, I need new concept art anyway. Takeru, you'll give me your opinion on these? I want to get the Mei's design. You'll tell me what's cute and what's not, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What...? I don't - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Her dress has to be fantastic! But I don't know what boys like these day so you'll have to help me out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I didn't agree to - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But if you're not going to help with the lettering, and you're not going to help Hagami to write for Seiji, you've at least got to help me with the girls, don't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I'm almost too busy trying to figure out how to extricate myself from this dumb situation with Mana, I don't miss Hagami's grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She just enjoys watching me flounder, doesn't she?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Hagami clears her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Mana, pass me your drawings."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But I'm showing Takeru! He won't tell me if this suit is cuter than - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Here. Show me instead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Huh? Well, I guess, if you haven't seen them either..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's going great! I upped Seiji's aura, and Mei is so much prettier, and - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Thanks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hey! Don't hide those too!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks, Hagami."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guess she felt guilty after I bailed her out earlier. Now we're even.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami! You're terrible!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "If you won't let even Takeru see this stuff, how are we ever going to sell this out at the festival?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Or do you not actually want to do this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's the first time I think I've heard Mana actually angry... Or an real enmity at all between these two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...and I feel guilty that I've sort of instigated it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Sorry, Mana."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I... would really no one did see this. At least right now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I'm working on it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No, it's alright, I get it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Sorry I yelled at you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But there's silence after that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll just go ahead and get back to cramming for Kunida's test. The tension eases, eventually, as the radio speakers continue to drone out that grainy orchestra, and we each close off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana draws extra sparkles around Seiji the Spellhearted. Hagami catches up on common 16th century French operatic devices. I figure out what it's going to take not to fail out in my first week of Kunida's math class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the better part of an hour, I surface from my notes and notice that the pages of drafted manga cells are now back in front of Mana, safe from Hagami's clutches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two girls are going on about... something or other? Hagami is speaking too low for me to pick up the specifics, but Mana seems deadly serious. At this point, background bickering is almost comfortable at Mirako.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, Mana settles back with her arms crossed, and Hagami takes cover behind her book. Is that how an argument works around here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The light from the window has almost faded when Mana rises up and stretches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I should probably get going or my uncle's going to be mad."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru, you'll help out with the girls' - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Then the lettering, you'll help out with - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana and Hagami go into deep conference once again. Mana waves her arms around, but Hagami just shoots me the occassional glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But I feel bad! I made him come here and now - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "...Yeah, I know, I know, but can you - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Please?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You would?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No that sounds fantastic."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Okay, that's even better!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru, are you still there?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By this time i the natural light isn't quite enough to keep the library lit. It'd be hard for me to lose focus though, on guard as I am.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami and I are really sorry this wasn't the whole club experience!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "This isn't what supernatural club's about so we apologize that certain, uh, issues spoiled your first meeting!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's fine, really. I actually got a lot done."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And Hagami tells me that boys your age probably don't really care about ghosts and romance with ghosts and the perfect ghost boyfriends and ghosts in love triangles that - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Mana. Please, I'm begging you, just stay on - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "So, you probably won't join, will you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er, I can't say that right off the bat, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lunch with Mana and Hagami, I could probably manage. This... well...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Come with us tomorrow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Tomorrow? Isn't tomorrow Sunday?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Yeah! But that's it! Takeru I really owe you one because you finally convinced Hagami to - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami is giving Mana a very point look, but when she notices me staring at her, she drops back down behind the opera book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "In return for sort-of-maybe joining, you're invited to the auxiliary secret after-hours meeting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What, meet on Sunday? Most normal people wouldn't be happy, you know. That's pretty intense, meeting on everyone's day off."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well it's the only day to do it, so we have the super-secret auxiliary - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Do what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "The ghost hunt!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The... what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Field. Expedition."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh whatever."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami says to call it a field expedition but it's really a ghost hunt. She's the one that used to call it an auxiliary - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Okay okay I get it Hagami, I'll stay on topic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I know you probably don't care about our manga and our club vision, so..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "This is one last shot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Last shot?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "She... Takeru, Mana still wants to recruit you, so..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami has decided that the Mirako Supernatural Club will have its first ghost hunt no later than tomorrow!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's just like the good old days! Takeru, you know how Hagami and I met, don't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Mana, please - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami was the greatest! She always knew how to contact the spirits, and she had all the gear, and - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Really she should be in charge now that we have a real club but for some reason she's being weird."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You've been nominated for the first innaugral Mirako ghost hunt!!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Will you accept?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Will I... what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I look to Hagami.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While she's not cowering behind the opera compilation, by the expression she's wearing Mana could've just slapped her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Mana, I really only meant..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You're required! You've got to show up tomorrow. Just come find me here a bit before sundown."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "My first day off..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But think about it! We're going to explore Old Mirako! We're going to flush out the ghosts. We're going to find Seiji - I mean, uh, the ghosts - just like old times in middle school. Right, Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagamiii! If you're unhappy about it you could've just not agreed! I've been trying to get you to put one together for a month so don't back out now, please!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "No, let's go ahead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "You just... don't need to go into ancient history about it. Takeru would probably enjoy it without all the details."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami grins. There's something... sinister about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But then drops back down into the French opera.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This... Yeah this is probably a trap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You don't have to come to any more supernatural club meetings. You can feel free to eat up here with us any time you like."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And I totally don't blame you if you're only having lunch here to get away from your classmates because after meeting them today, you're right, they're terrible people!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't remember saying that..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "But sounds like a good offer to me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's probably fine. A "ghost hunt" is probably Mana reading from a spellbook while Hagami sits around reading. Which is fine. I'll join her and sit around studying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Then you're in?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yep."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Awesome! Great! I'm really looking forward to it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And now I've really got to run because I'm really late. See you guys tomorrow!"}}