{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's no pitcher's mound in my dream. No hospital rooms either, and none of those memories of my invertebrate insect teammates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But of course there's... someplace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hate this. Of all the side effects to my meds, this is the worst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Never mind that the meds turned me from someone charismatic and outgoing into someone suspicous of strangers and guarded around friends or that everything I thought was crystal clear is now just fog I just hate seeing things in my sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The place I see is Mirako's roof, that one open-air spot Meiko showed me today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's sitting there hersef, beside me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sky is black, only lit by an occassional flash. At first I think those must be fireworks, but the flashes are just flickers, projections of flames that rear up from some burning shack down on the waterfront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I also realize that the person next to me isn't Meiko at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's that someone I used to know a long time ago, also named Meiko, but scared, and alone. There's a groan and splash as something huge below falls into the river. The girl next to me shivers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I recognize this imposter. It's the feeling of revelation without any knowledge gained. She's a stranger. Then I wake up.}}