{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least today I have the pleasure of sleeping in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can sleep past dawn, free of Kenta.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Free... of Kenta?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wake up. Yep, no sign of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's well past dawn, too. That's a first, and it's great and all, but...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How late did I sleep? What did I miss?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Compared to our room's usual spotless appearance, something is subtly... wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few empty one-liter bottles lie by the door. A few cardboard boxes sit in a pile by the corner. Something smells sweet, almost sickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh and the dressers are entirely missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Kenta did say it was embalming day, and I understand that he probably took them outside rather than unleash some chemical weapon in my dorm room...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "My clothes were in there too... Not just your idiot spiders."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Dammit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least I don't have anywhere to be until after lunch, and if I don't make it the so-called ghost hunt, I can just study here rather than up at the old library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a voice outside the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kenta must be back, good timing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey Kenta, thanks for not gassing me in my sleep but if next time you could leave like some pants for me or something that'd - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh, 'morning Takeru. Did you just roll out of bed? Finally ready to help me and Kenta with the - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Nope. Goodbye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I slam the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't care how late it is, this is still too early for... that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Repeat after me: they are not actually intentionally out to get you. Kenta and Natsumi are just trying to be friendly, but they suck at it. They're aren't intentionally trying to make your life painful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No use. I can't convince myself. Hell is other people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a knock on the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey! I only came up to drop off all this laundry!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You... what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Yeah, Kenta and the team are brewing up a storm out there so I figured I'd rescue your clothes. You can thank me later!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The footsteps vanish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I open the door again, the pile of tangled shirts and inside-out socks almost makes me wish Kenta's personal laundry service. Except all of this reeks of chemicals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wonderful."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just once I want a day off around here.}}