{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 About an hour later, I head downstairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever is going on outside is leaking. I can smell it, I swear. There are only dozen or so people in the common room, eating a late breakfast or early lunch. Everyone must be outside escaping that chemical odor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or maybe just enjoying the day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's bright out. I immediately spot Kenta and Natsumi around the side of the building, mostly because they've got two dorm dressers out on the lawn, along with a few plastic paint buckets, probably the source of that reek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey Kenta, Natsumi. How'd you two even get those down here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Good morning. You're talking about the dressers?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What else?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I brought a few helping hands."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kenta and Natsumi aren't the only ones laboring over the buckets. A couple of guys I recognize from class are wandering around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The baseball team? Do they always follow Natsumi around or something?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "If you'd like to help, there's still another mixing phase left to figure out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry, I have er, other plans."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before I turn to go - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just make sure those dressers make it back up to our room, okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Obviously."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh yeah, no need to thank me for your clothes, Takeru!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few of the guys in baseball hats chuckle behind me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't really think where I'm walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's odd for me now to see "baseball team member" as shorthand for "Natsumi's sycophant" vs "my sycophant." Maybe that's why I can't bear them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just have to remember... Natsumi and Kenta are just well-meaning idiots. I hope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, throw me, a normal idiot into the mix and the whole balance is off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Screw it, who am I kidding... it's not like everyone's life revolves around me anyway."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still I don't especially want to hang around the common room today. I grab a quick lunch then set out for nowhere in particular.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shizukawa isn't exactly a happening place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do people even do up here, halfway up a mountainside? Farm? It's not like any tourists would show up here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whose bright idea was it to set up a boarding school in a town like this? Tohoku wasn't in a city either, but at least there I had practice to fill just about every empty minute so it wasn't an issue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now I'm just... aimless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's nowhere near when I'm supposed to meet Mana and Hagami at Mirako, but I start heading in that direction anyway. I can use the spare time to go through all those forms Meiko gave me.}}