{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I haven't seen Mirako this empty since the day I arrived a week ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This probably isn't the sort of place where even the serious clubs meet on the off days. Even the picnic tables out front are empty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still though... With its archaic, sprawling look, to anyone passing by, it must look abandoned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Abandoned, and even in the daylight... slightly haunted?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Don't be stupid, Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I manage to psych myself out in broad daylight, it doesn't bode well for tonight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walking up to the front door...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn't open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This makes perfect sense, but it also reinforce the fact that I am an idiot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I might as well work outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stack of papers entrusted to me by Meiko are all club submissions for one thing or another. Mostly budget requests? Looks like there are a few forms here for new clubs. I even spot one with Mana's name on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Except they've all been viciously attacked with a red pen. Seems no one in this school can fill out a form properly. So my job is to hunt down all these people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first step is probably putting together a list of names and classes. There must be at least thirty of these.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is going to suck, seeing as I know about six people here. How am I supposed to contact these people anyway? Hang out outside the upperclassmen's rooms on the top floor and ambush them at lunch? Go through a yearbook to find out what anyone looks like?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll stick to the listmaking for now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After I'm about halfway through, there's movement at the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not an earlybird ghost, just an earlybird student. It's Hagami.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey! Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still a ways off, Hagami only nods. It takes a minute before she makes it over to my table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Guess you decided to show up early too? Nothing better to do?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...There's something unpleasant going on at the dorms today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, yeah. That's probably Kenta and Natsumi stinking the place up. It kind of makes the place unlivable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sorry to dissappoint though. Mirako's locked."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In reply, Hagami holds up loop of ribbon, off of which hangs a key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait, that'll get us in? Where'd you get that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's from Mana. A copy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well I guess it's better than literally breaking into the school, but where'd she get a key?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shrugs and starts heading towards the front door while I gather my things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although, maybe I should've just stayed out here. Hagami was probably looking for a quiet place to work without my lazing around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But she holds the door, and we head for the library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's probably halfway there when I realize the footsteps behind me have stopped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Are you coming? We are headed upstairs right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I'll... be there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Before I forget. Here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What is that? For me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's holding out an empty potato sack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "For you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This is a joke, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's a sack."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Are you not coming up to the old library?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I'll be there. I just need to..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're in the unused hallway where Mr. Kunida and Hikari both prefer to spend their time. Hagami has her eye on a half-open room I don't recognize, at the head of the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I get it. See you in a bit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I keep walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, my first impression was correct. Of course if Hagami's trying to get away from everyone at the dorms then hanging around in silence with me, who might as well be a stranger, is probably not all that appealing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's funny. The only people trying to spend any actual time with me are people with very screwed up ideas of how that time should be spent: Kenta, Natsumi, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And maybe Meiko, I guess. I don't mind Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So while I'm tempted to be offended that I've been ditched by Hagami, it's half a relief. She's the only one around here that seems to be running away from people faster than I am. It's just her bad luck to get saddled with me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tea room is on my left. Natural territory of Hikari, the only one around here that people run away from faster than me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On a whim, I slide open the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hello? Hikari?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I guess it was silly of me to expect anyone to be here. Doubly silly considering that the school was locked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sagging shelves, dusty table, curtained window... This place is lonesome without her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I continue up to the old library in silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not like this room is any better. Covered in scrap paper and half-full of irrelevant books...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To even sit down I have to clear off sketches of Seiji the Ghost-Headed or whatever his name was. At least it doesn't take long to finish the list of people I need to contact for Meiko.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Go figure. The only person on this list I've ever heard of is Mana. How am I supposed to find the rest of them? Ask Hagami, the transfer? Mana, the first-year? Kenta, who I'd take even odds doesn't actually remember my name yet?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It'll have to be Meiko. Brilliant, Takeru, you go to offer her help and then end up having to ask her for help to do her own work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stretch out in my chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to me is that potato sack. It looks somehow and suspicious here, out of place. Does Hagami consider it funny to just pass my random objects in the middle of the hall?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever. Back to work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there's... a knock on the door?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Come in?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I mean it's just me in here, I'm not sure if I'm qualified to tell anyone who can and can't come in, so - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, it's just Hagami, who listens to me ramble for a few moments before taking the cardboard box she's carrying and pushing it onto a top shelf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh. Welcome back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Hey."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What's with the box?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Just... lying around."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the old box up and out of reach, she empties her bookbag onto the already cluttered table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out pour approximately two hundred red candles and approximately one copy of our math textbook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Candles? In case of a power outage? Or you're just going to study for Kunida's test via candlelight."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "You... did come here for the field expedition? Right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Field expedition? Oh, the ghost hunt. Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami shakes her bag and the candles and book are joined by a lopsided, floppy hat with no discernible shape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thankfully, Hagami ignores the pseudo-hat... and instead starts setting up the candles in a circle on the table?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "A circle of candles... It's still light out, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...Best to get this done sooner than later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I guess I hadn't expected you to take it that seriously. So what are we summoning, the ghost of calculus past?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...You could give it a shot if you want to. I have other things to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Do you mind if I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If you... what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the circle of candles complete, she turns on the radio to that indistinct hum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Sorry. Hope you don't mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And she ducks behind the math textbook, leaving me with the table full of clutter, a circle outlined in candles, and one extremely ugly hat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But for Hagami... It could almost pass for another schoolday, except that instead of reading some incomprehensible foreign book, Hagami is actually studying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You know there's another group study thing tomorrow, if you want to come."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...I'll think about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No pressure. Seems those things are only as useful as your partner. Plus the stuff you learn from Meiko I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No response.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey, do you know who Mana was planning on for the fourth member?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Fourth... what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, sorry. I'm going through some paperwork for the student council. Mana's got the whole application for the supernatural club here but even though she forged my signature on it, she's still one member shy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...At least according to all this red ink."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "She really did file then..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If you don't know what she's up to, I'll just make Mana deal with it herself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's funny though. There's a misfiled festival thing here too with the supernatural club on it. Maybe Mana filed by mistake? Because the rest of the thing is blank."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Wait... You..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "A blank form?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, I guess it's an application to get stage time at the Mirako summer festival. Nothing on it but 'Group: Mirako Supernatural Club.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Which is doubly weird because Mana definitely filed for the club under the name 'Mirako Supernatural Enthusiasts and Grand Ghosthunting Order...'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's marked in red, too by the way. Guess Meiko doesn't like the club name, which is totally understandable because I'd rather never appear in public again that say that name out loud again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "That..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I had nothing to do with the Grand Ghosthunting..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Never mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "But the blank form..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "That's just a joke. You can give that to me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sure. You're listed as the Vice-Cardinal of the club on the official application so I know I can trust you with - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Don't make that face at me. If you want to complain, take it up with Mana. I'm listed as an 'Auspicious Initiate' and that's arguably worse... Meiko better not have seen this..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What's with the blank form though?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Just a joke. If you didn't mention this to Mana..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You mean you submitted that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I really don't understand your humor. But yeah, if you ask, I won't bother her about it. I still need to get a fourth name for the club, though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Y'know I'm kind of considering just skipping that as well."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "That would be a dereliction of duty, Initiate Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey, aren't I the ony doing you a favor here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Yes. Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Just... pretend that was never filed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hand her the incomplete form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We've established that yes, the flat Hagami actually can joke around, but then... the blank form doesn't seem like a joke, if it's supposed to be secret.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "How did you get this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm helping out with the festival stuff, sort of."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "The... student council?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not really, I'm just a grunt working for Meiko."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Oh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You know her? She's our class rep."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's... hard not to know her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So I've heard. Mirako's model student. Self-assured, plan of her own, helping hand, listening ear, all that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "My opposite, I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You think? It's funny, we were friends forever ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "She was different back then but I guess she found herself here. Lucky for her. I'd been thinking she was my opposite, the way she seems to have it all figured out..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's no reply. I realize Hagami is trying to hide behind the math book, slim as it is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe Meiko is someone I shouldn't bring up. I'll go back to studying.}}