{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's tough to gauge the passing time, except by the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sitting here, trying to look productive - it got old an hour ago. Now the buzzing of the radio is driving me crazy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Also while it's less dusty than Hikari's basement, I never noticed the air in here before. Probably this is the consequence of dropping off every moldy old paper imaginable from the unused rooms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or maybe it's the new box that Hagami dropped off that's the offender. The thing looks at least a decade old, with its multiple relabelings and discolored splotches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still. This must be better than sitting in the mixed formaldehyde/bleach/methyl fumes Kenta's got cooking down at the dorms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just when I think I can't stand it any longer, Hagami glances up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's more a glance at the window than me. Not quite sundown yet. Still, she speaks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Where'd you put your..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Back downstairs, didn't I give you the..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You gave me a potato sack, if that's what you mean."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "A potato sack."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Oh. I see. Put it on."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What're you talking about? It's a sack. I can't - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's a robe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh. Wait, you're telling me..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take the brown lump of cloth out from my bag. Sure enough, it's not a potato sack, just a very poorly woven article of clothing. If calling it "clothing" were even appropriate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This looks scratchy as hell. I didn't even notice it had arm holes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Does it fit?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How should I know?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...You didn't try it on?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Were you expecting me to?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yes?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I brought it just for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Look, I'm not convinced this can actually be worn without using scissors. Where did you even get this from, anyway? If you made this for me I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Please don't tell me that's actually what happened. You actually made this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I still can't wear this though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami flips of page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I'm sorry it isn't good enough for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's not what I - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She flips another page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Look..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The longer I put up a fight, the sillier I'll look against Hagami-brand silent persuasion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one will ever see this. Hagami is the one listed as cardinal-vice-ghosthunt-president or whatever, not me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "You could always take the hat, instead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh right. The other shapeless, clothy lump on the table. It looks more like a big shapeless sock from here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll see if it fits but it's coming off right after."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This thing... Did you actually sew buttons into it? Why are they in the back?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Scratchy as hell, too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Are you happy now?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You know, you can be completely unreadable when you want to."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Hi, Mana."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I whip around only to see...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yep that's Mana, wearing a sack identical to my own (plus or minus a dozen pieces of costume jewelry) and practically radiating with enthusiasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Ahhhh! Takeru! You came! And you look amazing!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh great. Hello, Mana."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I'm so happy you're into this! And your robe's a total match to mine! I love it! It's a great look for you!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Thanks. I mean, er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hagami you're a terrible traitor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That villain has her face screwed up, not looking at me, but clearly trying to hide her laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Anyway, I hope I didn't keep you guys waiting for long. I almost forgot the white candles! That would've been bad, right Hagami? What would we have done with just the red ones?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Actually, Hagami, where's your robe?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Forgot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami shrugs. It's the least convincing thing I've ever seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You can't pretend that you didn't..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She flips another page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Never mind. Fine. I'm taking this thing off."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "What? Why? I was so happy you showed up with your own gear... I was really counting on you Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Whose bright idea was it to put the buttons in the back? Someone help me get out of - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Check it out Hagami! I've got all our old stuff, plus a few additions."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami wasn't the only one packing a weird bag for today. Mana dumps out a few more pieces of fake jewelry, two salt shakers, an industrial-strength flashlight, a brass rabbit, and yet more candles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Salt?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's your best line of defense against ghosts if they get mad."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Got it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Although the magic circles don't sure don't hurt. Right Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Yes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "They're all set up. I got here early."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Great. Great!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Now are we gonna get started or what? Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami slams her book shut with a snap and gives Mana some kind of salute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Roger! Should we assign duties first?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Candles."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Duties? What - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru, do you want to be the expedition leader?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No. To be I was planning to get some homework done."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Then I'm lead. Takeru, you're on censer duty."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Censor what? Look I was kind of just planning to watch. I'm not a full member, so - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh don't be silly! You've got the initiate's robe on, so I hereby dub you an apprentice member of the Grand Ghosthunting Order of the Mirako - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm only a member on paper. And even on paper I definitely never signed anything with that club name on it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Awww..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the only way this could turn out worse is if I end up suspended for trespassing my second week here, while wearing a potato sack nonetheless...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well, before we do anything else we need to get the circle set up anyway. You shouldn't need to do much for that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami, have you seen the matches?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Hagami is fully shielded by Intermediate Mathematics at this point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "They should be around here somewhere..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Initiate Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Are you talking to me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You're the only initiate and the only Takeru, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Initiate Takeru, your job is to locate the matches. When you find them, bring them to Magus Hagami for the traditional lighting of the ghost-hunting candles."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Uhhh, the lighting of the field expedition candles."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Uhhh, bring the candles to Magus Mana then I guess. I'll help you look."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana starts searching the pile of candles, then moves on to the cabinets. I'm left to comb the shelves of the old library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's nothing resembling matches. Plenty of foreign language novels, outdated textbooks, and worn sheet music though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The one box I haven't checked is on a top shelf in the corner. That's probably the one Hagami carried in earlier?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All that's in here are some decades-old school papers and cassette tapes. No matches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Hagami leafs through her book, radio on, like it's lunch break.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm pretty sure that's where I'm supposed to be right now: sitting back and watching this mess, not actively tearing this place up looking for matches or ghosts. I won't forgive Hagami for this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Found them. Hagami, here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few specks of dust rise as the matchbook lands between Hagami and whatever it is she's reading. I'm not very surprised when she pretends not to notice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I'll hit the lights!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "There! Isn't Mirako so much cooler in the dark? And you can even see the moon from here. This room's the best."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Now..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But instead of lighting a match, Mana clicks on her flashlight. And instead of lighting up the room, she holds it under her chin and turns around to face Hagami and me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Members, and uh, apprentice, of the Mirako supernatural club, are you ready for the greatest ghost hunt of the year?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Field expedition."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Fine. Master Hagami, are you prepared?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without light, Hagami is forced away from her book. I catch her cringing, but she'll get no pity from me. You're as much responsible for this as me, Hagami.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...Yes. Prepared."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And initiate of the supernatural club, Takeru. Are you ready for your induction?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Induction? I'm not that good with physics. Or do you mean..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Then it's settled! Tonight we journey to the heart of darkness. To the forbidden reaches of the most mysterious of schools... Mirako High!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Hooray."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Master Hagami, light the circle!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh, right. Takeru, want to do the honors? I got these candles just for tonight!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You seem, er, really into this, so I'll leave it to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Thanks Takeru! Hagami, can you pass me those? Thanks. Now, let's see... gotta be careful, don't want to light the robe on fire..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wouldn't particularly mind lighting my robe on fire once this is all over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Alright, if I've got the candles, then Takeru that leaves you with..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hang on, what's this thing again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana's trying to hand me what looks like a bronze rabbit on a chain. I take it, thinking things would be so much easier if I could just pretend to ignore things like Hagami.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's a censer!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, right. I didn't recognize this one. Aren't they usually shaped like, I don't know, balls with holes in them?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Any shape works. Hagami always wants to use that other one with runes carved into it and says it has stronger ties to the netherworld..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "It's true."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But this one's tons cuter. We'll attract cuter ghosts like this, I'm sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not so sure, but I unscrew the bottom as Mana strikes another match.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before long, a noxious, leafy smell infiltrates the library. It has the distinct flavor of overstewed vegetables. Hagami coughs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "This... I'd be really suspicious of any ghost that was attracted to this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's Hagami's special incense."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Nope."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You specifically made this back when we - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "That did not happen."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I got you the mint sprig and everything, and we snuck out and made sure to grind it on the full moon, but you said that - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Please remove that from your mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's once again refusing to make eye contact over the edge of the book. I bet she's blushing back there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So... do I just hold this thing? It's starting to smoke."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well you have to swing it back and forth."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Like this? That's just sort of... spreading the smoke."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Yep! That's the point. It's perfect!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe we should go outside or something. Wouldn't want to suffocate in here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Already it looks to me like Hagami's trying to suppress a coughing fit behind that tome of hers. Or maybe it's a laughing fit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Alright!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She heads out the door, but Hagami remains lost in her reading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hagami, you're not coming?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looks up, but makes no sign of moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Got to guard the circle."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh! Good thinking Hagami. You take care of the warding here and Takeru and I will go on ahead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Initiate Takeru! Let's go!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Go where? Hey, stop pulling me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take one look back at Hagami, hidden behind her book. She doesn't look up at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...just flashes a thumbs up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You traitor..."}}