{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I follow behind Mana in silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least she has the sense to bring the flashlight. I realize she's retracing a path a took yesterday, and we're soon on the roof.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's quite different by night. By now the sun is truly down, but dark hasn't fully settled. The moon shines white against the gray sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The streetlamps on the road up the hillside throw shadows, but don't quite illuminate the school grounds. Down on the ground floor, a single window has a light on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana stands by my side. She's quiet for a solid ten seconds. Is that a record?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I try to think of something to say, open my mouth, and inhale a healthy dose of Hagami's special full moon incense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Are you okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Ah..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Ow! Not when you point the flashlight in my face like that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh! Sorry!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I was going to say my lungs were damaged but now I'm more worried about my retinas... Dammit Mana..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It takes a few seconds for the stinging and coughing to subside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't know what Hagami stuffed that censer with..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "At least it's cooler out here than in that library you guys are always at. This robe is pretty thick."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So what's next? How does one hunt for ghosts?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I'm not really sure. Hagami's the expert. I was kind of hoping she'd be more into it... She's kind of why I set this whole thing up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Seriously?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Mhm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's a lot of fun! Like a camping trip. In the heat of that ghost-hunting spirit... You really get to know each other!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And this used to be her favorite thing. Well, second-favorite, but we put together some great memories on trips like this. So I'd love if she got back to her old self!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I hope she's not sitting this out because I'm here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No, I think you're alright. It's not like Hagami hates everyone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Could fool me..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I mean in middle school she was a bit shy, and now at Mirako, I know she comes off as a bit..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But she's got a great sense of humor! And I know one on one she can be really charming!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "It's just when there's a bunch of people, or the situation turns bad, she - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "She'd kill me for saying any of this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Or not. Hagami's so hard to read. And I'm supposed to be her best friend! And she's going to guard the wards while we're out hunting?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I was hoping she hadn't forgotten how fun this could be."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You have to admit it's romantic!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Romantic?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Stillness. Murky perfume. Darkness... And then. Your eyes meet. And for the first time... You truly see each other..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She's gazing off into space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is awkward. I have no idea if this "eyes meeting" business is talking about herself and me, me and Hagami, or herself and some supernatural sweetheart that we're hunting for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Never mind, never mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Don't get me wrong, I still want to find some ghosts! We'll just have to improvise instead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "After you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana pushes open the door to the stairs and we walk downwards to the old wing. I do my best not to trip over the chain of the rabbit censer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We finally come to that familiar corridor. I think at this point I could count the doors to Hikari's tea room even by the feeble candlelight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Slow down."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She starts to pause a second or two before each step, right after left. Am I supposed to keep time like a marching band or something? I almost trip over the hem of the sack/robe dragging behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Follow my lead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "...Kind of tough to see."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She holds the candle over head. I raise my hand with the censer chain to match before realized that this accomplishes nothing except to make me look even dumber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana's candle flickers. The only noise is the rattle of the rabbit censer as it swings back and forth. I take another step behind Mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She takes a left turn around the tea room that I've never seemed to notice, then another right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "This is the part where Hagami's book would come in handy. Those Rosicrucians had some good ghost chants. Too bad that couldn't save their civilization though, huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Mana I've got to be honest, half the time you sound sincere but when you start talking like that it's really hard for me to take anything you say - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Shh!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tucked around the corner of the tea room is a stairwell. And down those doors with no window and a dusty knob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it looks like it hasn't been opened in a decade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Isn't that locked? That's got to be locked."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In response, Mana shushes me... but also holds up a key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And since when does Mirako have a basement...?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Sub-basement."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And where do you keep getting these keys...?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Don't doubt me! Your Magus has her secrets."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "If you say so."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My working theory is that she "found" them somewhere and unknowingly stole them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I don't have much time to think about it - Mana wastes no time on the stairs and starts fiddling with the lock. One metallic scratch later, the door is open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And when she shines the flashlight, there's an unexpected sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's just... nothing. The beam of light just vanishes in the dark. A few specks of dust, two support columns far in the back, but... that's it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Just how big is this place?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Goes under the whole school. Or the old parts."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana whispers so I whisper back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And you've been down here before."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Um, no."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "This..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She takes a few steps into the dark. Mana's got more guts than I thought. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I follow, holding up my censer again. Not like this thing is going to do much good if we run into ghosts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that's just silly, there are no such thing. Still... I keep close behind Mana, censer swinging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a very distinct illogical feeling that something I can't see is behind those arches or else behind me and they can see the flashlight, but I can't see it whatever it is in the shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever's watching has to know my name doesn't it but I get the feeling that it's behind me and not really part of this empty space at all and in fact I'm not part of this space either and I've been unchained from -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana stops short and I trip over her robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What're you - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Look!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No doubt about it. Just at the edge of the light is a shadow that shouldn't be there. Something low, hunched over, dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I-initiate Takeru! You first! You've got the censer!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You've got the flashlight!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Y-you're going to make me g-go - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take a step forward. If that... shape... moves, then I'm going to smack it with the rabbit censer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two steps. Three steps. Mana keeps waving the light around behind me and I can't see straight. Another step. Then -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Ow! Takeru don't just stop without warning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Mana. Stop grabbing on to me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's a chair."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "The only thing in this entire basement is a stupid wicker chair. Look."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's upside down and one leg is broken off, but apparently what's been watching me is a piece of furniture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But then... Who left it here? It must the chair of the prisoner of this basement, locked up in here until their death, and now they haunt - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm going back upstairs. The ceiling's so low I can barely stand up straight."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Wait. Wait! I'm coming!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Make sure you re-lock the door."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Got it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think we only managed to progress ten yards into the empty basement, for a rate of about two feet a minute. Not exactly a courageous performance but in my defense I showed up here expecting to study math for a few hours then go home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Mana's fiddling with the lock, I ascend the stairs, holding out the bronze rabbit in front of me to find the steps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Stop running ahead! You'll trip!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hang on a sec."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the stillness...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...there's something ahead.}}