{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes staring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes staring at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No warning no shadows no watching two eyes there is something no someone standing right in front of me -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Takeru?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The censer hits the ground with a clang.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Takeru, that is you. Nice outfit by the way."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "W-w-what are..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hikari you scared the hell out of me! What are you doing here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Fetching the book I left here yesterday. What're you up to? Setting the school on fire with that smoking thing you've got there? Or are you kidnapping that girl?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why are you assuming I'm a criminal?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a total disaster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Wow..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You must be..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Can you get that flashlight out of my face, please?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "A ghost... A ghost!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "What are you muttering about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm sorry, Mana, I should introduce you to my friend Hikari. She spends a lot of time down here during the day. And apparently at night too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I've told you I'm here during some evenings as well. Didn't you meet me here before on a Sunday?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er, well..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hikari, this is Mana, she - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I'm not all that interested."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Not interested? B-but I finally meet a ghost and she's at least moderately cute, I mean, not boy-ghost cute, and a guess a bit of a rude ghost, but you won't even say hi?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I could've sworn that rabbit censer would attract the friendly ghosts, too..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Rabbit censer? Takeru, is that what you're carrying around? Doesn't that belong in the tea room?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Does it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I moved it up to the library a couple weeks ago. It's not like anyone uses any of the rooms down here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well of course! But you use it in the afterlife! That's not really - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "To be  crystal clear, I'm your fellow classmate and senior at Mirako. Not a ghost."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "And you are apparently the thief that keeps taking things from my room."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Sorry! If I'd had known there was a vengeful ghost - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Vengeful human. In the future please don't take others' belongings without asking. I made pretty much everything in the tea room myself, you know. By hand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Anyway... I'm going to go pick up my books."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Do you want us to come with you? Mana's got the flashlight."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And also candles if you need one!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I really think I'll be fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hikari shields her eyes from the light Mana still holds only a foot or so from her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "I don't know what you're doing wandering around here dressed like the inquisition but I'd rather not have any part in it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was really, really hoping there wasn't enough light for Hikari to see this ridiculous getup. It better be at least too dark for her to notice my blushing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er, right. We were uh..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Field expedition. Very serious stuff."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "You two have fun with that. I'll see you Monday, Takeru, hopefully dressed like a normal person."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "For sure. Sorry about this whole thing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIKARI: "Your hobbies are your own business, so I don't mind. Bye."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She vanishes off behind us as quickly as she came, footsteps not so much as echoing in the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This... Yeah I don't think I'm going to be able to look Hikari in the eye any time soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I'm almost giddy. I've just seen my first ghost."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh knock it off."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Sorry. What did you say her name was again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hikari. She's a bit of an odd one. She might seem a bit prickly, and she spends all her time cooped up down here, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Maybe I'll Hagami we found a ghost, anyway. That'll make her jealous. Then next full moon, for sure, she can do those chants, and I'll have my pick of ghosts, and they'll be so much more polite..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's right, don't get discouraged. There's a ghost out there that's waiting for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Thanks Takeru!"}}