{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami is waiting for our return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I leave Mana to recount the night's encounter and instead busy myself with removing my robe as quickly as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trying to find something other to do than light the now-removed robe on fire, and with my paperwork for Meiko at a standstill... I guess there's no harm in sticking around here to study as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I push some candles out of the circle and open an identical copy of the textbook Hagami also has propped up opposite me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami may not have had to suffer through tonight's indignity first hand, but at least she's the one that has to deal with the blow-by-blow replay from Mana. I don't remember being chased around the basement, or Hikari emitting an holy light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally the tale ends with Hikari vanishing into the darkness and Mana settles into another volume of that manga with the ghost-tailed guy on the front.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The circle of candles gradually burns down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami and I eventually give up on the two separate copies of Intermediate Mathematics and start checking each others' work on the practice problems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the last of the candles burns out, I glance over to where Mana is asleep with her face on the table. She blinks awake when I stand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm headed out. It was nice ghost-hunting with you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You too Takeru! Thanks for being a good sport! Hope we didn't embarrass you too much in front of your friend!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, thanks a million. This is going to be fun to try to spin tomorrow..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And Hagami, you don't have to hide. I can tell you're laughing over there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turns away from me instead, then turns back stonefaced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Have a good evening, high spirit inquisitor Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Good night, Takeru!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You too."}}