{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe I'm finally getting used to the Kenta schedule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm up way earlier than necessary, and on the road to Mirako way earlier than necessary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to me, Kenta is telling me more about spiders than is at all necessary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "...but because of the vacuum seal on the delivery packages, prices can be unreasonable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Uh huh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "My first shipment I wasn't as lucky, but I think the per-specimen cost on this most recent batch was closer to 8000 yen."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Uh huh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait, you're paying how much for a spider?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "They're arthropods. Different taxon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How much per arthropod?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "On average, 8,000 yen."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How on earth do you afford all that? Is your family loaded or something?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That'd make sense. They shipped Kenta off here and then gave him a budget to shut him up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Well I sold the coins for about 200,000. So that's maybe 20% profit but I'd have to be looking at the spreadsheet to get you exact numbers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You actually make money off this stuff?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Given the time invested in auction sites I wouldn't call it much of a return."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "And you have to keep careful track of everything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Maybe Meiko should've contracted this festival junk out to you instead..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Festival junk?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're on the Shizukawa bridge now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I pause to pull the notebook and assorted forms out of my bookbag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. Look at this stuff."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "You're joining the student council?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No? Meiko's a friend of mine, she's apparently in charge of the festival committee. Somehow I volunteered to handle some of this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Speaking of which... Do you know where I can find Mitani Mitsuo?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Who?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "He's president of the math club."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "No. Why?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You'd think he'd be able to add up a bunch of numbers correctly but he totally screwed up this budget form. I need to find him and make him redo it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "How about... Ito Naoji?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Never heard of him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "According to this he's in you're class. Come on..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Okay, you ever meet a Haruki Natsumi?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "No. Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That was a trick question. You argue with Natsumi outside my classroom like every day!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "That doesn't mean I should pay her any attention."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "And she was the one helping you dunk all those spiders in formaldehyde yesterday! Come on Kenta, you have to pay more attention to other people."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Things like names aren't important to me. If her name's Natsumi, then fine. I appreciate her for helping me out and occassionally changing her opinions to better ones."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "But other people sure care if you remember their names. It makes it seem like you don't care about them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't follow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Like... Where is your tie right now? Your shirt's inside-out again too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Is that important?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It sure makes it seem like you're lazy. Or that you're some delinquent that doesn't care about Mirako or its rules."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I don't mind if other people think I'm lazy. I do like our school. Its rules I don't really care about."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I guess you do if you're going through all of those papers. Unless the details work has to do with arthropods, I don't care about it. What you have there seems very dull."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No kidding it's dull."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm just doing it as a favor to my friend though."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Yes, it's very odd that you'd go through all that trouble when you've never even been to Mirako's festival before."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "True enough..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What's it like?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I'm not sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Weren't you here for last year?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Yes but I'm not sure it was a normal festival as there was quite a commotion. The accident might've changed how things work. That thing burned down."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hang on... 'That' thing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "The boathouse. You can be very thick sometimes but you do see that, don't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He's pointing at the ruin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That burned at the festival last year?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "That's what I just said. You can be very thick some - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I ignore Kenta.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For some reason the ruin has always seemed just like that... A 'ruin.' Imagining it not burned down out there is screwing with me. Seems like it's been standing there deserted for decades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What happened?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "It burned down."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah, but... how? Why?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I assume it caught fire."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Never mind. I'll ask Meiko or someone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "Who?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'll also ask her where I should go to find all these people for the paperwork because it's pretty obvious you're not going to be helpful there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KENTA: "I'm a helpful person. Try me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We walk up the hill to Mirako, but of course Kenta can't place a single one of the names I give him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, maybe Kenta's helpful, in a roundabout way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can't think too deeply about it though, too much to do today. Getting distracted by that charred building on the river won't help.}}