{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I manage to track down two or three people on my list before it's time for homeroom, mostly by asking random upperclassmen if they know so-and-so, getting redirected to go find some other so-and-so, and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most of these people are a year ahead of me, but I guess that figures, if they're in charge of clubs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You'd never think there were this many student groups at Mirako, given the sleepiness of the towns. There are a surprising amount of students here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...And it seems like everyone's involved. Unlike Tohoku. We only had sports teams, basically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or maybe I just didn't see beyond my own immediate surroundings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Regardless, I arrive at class with a few minutes to go. A few of my classmates are milling around chatting, and Meiko has her desk covered in papers, as usual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hey. Busy with festival stuff?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Hi Takeru, good morning. Of course. I'll probably have my hands full for this whole month."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "How are things going on your end?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Found a few people this morning. But still a lot to go. Everyone's terrible at filling out these forms, apparently."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Ah, haha, well I'm glad you're making progress, but I meant to ask if you enjoyed your day off. I didn't see you around."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I guess so."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Did you know Mirako has a basement below the basement?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Hm, I guess no I didn't. What does that have to do with your day off?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh, nothing. I just met up with my club is all."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I instantly regret mentioning the supernatural club and 'my' in the same sentence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Ah, neat, so you've found a group you're interested in. Now I won't need to open up room on the festival committee. So did Natsumi finally convince you to join the baseball team?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No, nothing like that. It's not really my club, really, I just sort of put my name down because they're short on members and one of the leaders is in my class, I don't really - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Interesting. So you joined the supernatural club?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Wait, hang on, how do you know that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "That's the only club application I had to turn down for being short on members."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Good on you for helping them off the ground, though. I'm sure Hagami appreciates it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You know her?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO "I know that she's in our class."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We both look backwards at the same time. Hagami is there at her desk in the back row, sure, but her headphones are on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She doesn't notice us looking her way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "...As a transfer student, she must feel out of place, so I've reached out to her a bit, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Didn't get much of a response?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "No..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Sounds about right."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I guess it's impossible to please everyone, isn't it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah. Too bad, Meiko, you'll have to settle for 95% of our class idolizing you instead of 100%."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Oh, haha, I'm sure it's nothing like that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hii, good morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Guess what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I'm on time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Am I supposed to be impressed?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Ah! Then that means I'm running late!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Sheesh, good morning to you too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko takes her spot in front of the class as the noise dies down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Good morning everyone! Hope you're looking forward to another week at Mirako."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Don't forget we have a math test tomorrow. I'm hoping we can all - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Yes, Natsumi?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "That means there's study session tonight, yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Right. I'll be hosting in the library."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's some cheering, mostly from Natsumi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "And another reminder, the first round of club applications are due by the end of this week."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "The student council will be considering budget requests for the festival until - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Yes, Natsumi?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I heard the fireworks are back and better than ever, yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You must have heard wrong. Those are still canceled." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...there's some grumbling, mostly from Natsumi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "But I'm sure we can come together as a school and enjoy..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meiko continues but Natsumi is no longer interested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Where'd you hear that from?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh, nobody, but I figure if I bug Meiko enough she'll eventually tell me about the surprise fireworks show the festival committee is planning. You'll let me in on it, right Meiko?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Let you in on what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Takeru was just saying he was going to spill the beans about the fireworks now that he's on the festival planning committee."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm not - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Sorry, there's no show this year. That's straight from the staff. I'm on your side for this one, but we're just students. There's only so much influence we have."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hmmm..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Suuuure Meiko, I believe. There won't be any show this year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Is this reverse psychology?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I'm winking at you. Wink wink. I won't tell. You're secret is safe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru you better tell me though if Meiko's clamming up. Soon as you hear anything, let me know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm just Meiko's secretary. They don't tell me anything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Don't betray me like that. I thought we were on the same - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "Shh! Mr. Kunida's here."}}