{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An hour of nothing. Then another, another --}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Yeah..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Did you get any of that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No not really."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "We're doomed tomorrow, aren't we?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Definitely."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "I've got a deal for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Oh yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "You con Meiko into passing you the answers, and I'll get Kenta to write up the answers for me. Divide and conquer."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Brilliant plan."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Go for it Takeru. It'll be easy for you to win her over."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "You two just come to the study group tonight and you'll do fine, I promise."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Thaaanks Meiko."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I make a note not to pair with Natsumi again. It'd be embarassing to fail my first exam here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru, speaking of Kenta, I finally got him to agree to run our numbers for the tournament."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Come have lunch with us. You can be the mediator while we hash out the deal."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So you were just trying to get in his good books by bringing the baseball around to help with the spiders, were you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "They're arthropods, not - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Don't you start on me. I've got other plans anyway."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Oh ho, eating with Meiko again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MEIKO: "I need to check in with the student council. I'll see you all later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "Hmmm..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She squints at me as I walk out the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NATSUMI: "If you're secretly joining the swim team or something I'm going to be mad, you hear?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Bye, Natsumi."}}