{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I show up at the old library, the door is open for me. I can hear Hagami inside, but she quiets down when I enter and greets me with a smile, then looks to Mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru! Hi! You made it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Did you think I wasn't going to show back up?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well we thought maybe..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She glances at Hagami.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Maybe after you ran into the ghost last night, you wouldn't want to show up at the supernatural club again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Very funny."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the huge circle of candles is mostly gone, the table is still as cluttered as ever. I clear away some looseleaf paper, a stray wax blob, two illustrations of Seiji the Somethinghearted, then pull out a chair and sit down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Hagami pages through some huge book. Mana chatters about people I've never heard of. Hagami nods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All in all going on the ghost hunt was worth it if I can just eat here and doze off every day instead of getting wound up with Natsumi or her accomplice Kenta.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "...but Hagami, it'd be great if you got more involved. I'm appointing you the warden for the next ghost hunt. Maybe next week?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh whoops I mean not ghost hunt, you're warden for the field expedition next week?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You don't need to pretend you didn't have fun just because Takeru's here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But it was fun, Takeru, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's probably the weird initiation rite I've seen. And I thought Tohoku was bad. I didn't think a two-girl club would go in heavy on the hazing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Don't underestimate us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Wait, what, Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh never mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami is fully sheltered behind a book at this point, so Mana turns back to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "I've never seen a ghost myself before. Sure there are sometimes hauntings and that sort of thing, but I had mostly thought those were rumors."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "And didn't you say you had a friend that knew about some of this too? Like she had a chess set go missing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hang on, back up. You met her last night, didn't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Who are you talking about again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hikari."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh, I don't think I know her. I may have been around Mirako a lot but I still only really know people in my own year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Her name's Hikari though?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "...She introduced herself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I feel a headache coming on and not a mundane one from physical illness but like I missed the last step on the stairs and somehow ended up somewhere very different and I need to backpedal to find my footing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Alright. Let's figure this out. What exactly happened last night? You and I were about to go up the stairs, and then..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Hikari showed up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Uhh... I'm not sure who you mean."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only sound is the low orchestra from the radio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "My friend. You stole her chess set. Came late to pick up some books or something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh, you mean when the ghost showed up!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well, it could've been anything, I guess! Just a stray shadow. I would've thought ghosts were a lot cuter, right? I mean, otherwise what's the point?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "We ran into her. I almost literally ran into her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "You were very brave!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Well, I'd say I was more very embarassed then very brave. That rabbit incense, and..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana just looks confused. Hagami's still hiding but I can tell she's not paying any attention to her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "The only people I saw last night were you and Hagami. Sorry, Takeru."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Why..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Or sorry! I should count ghosts as people too!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I'm sick of this. There's not..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "There are no ghosts in Mirako. There aren't any ghosts anywhere. Please, just cut it out. I feel like I'm going crazy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "No... No ghosts?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Then what were you doing last night? Why were you so spooked? I don't - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Look, Mana. I know you guys are trying to scare me or something, or maybe you have something against Hikari, but..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "It's not funny any more."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I don't want to get into details but there's a reason I transferred into Mirako. I've had some trouble telling what's real and what's in my head. So if you're trying to screw with me..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "You've made your point. Just tell me what really happened. I don't like it when my so-called friends screw with me or lie to me or - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru, I don't... What - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I jump. We're cut off by a blast of music.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I turn around, I see Hagami has her finger on the radio volume control. After a few seconds, she lowers it back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...And then she flips another page in that oversized book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana and I stare at each other, when Hagami finally speaks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Hm."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I knew that incense was a little shady."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pulls over the copper rabbit burner from across the table, crosses the room, and empties its contents into the trash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For once she doesn't break eye contact. I gulp, but it seems that's all she wanted to say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami just sits down and turns another page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh. Okay that must've been it. You're right Hagami."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Let's talk about something else. Do you have any plans for the festival, Takeru?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Not really, but it's still almost a month out, isn't it? Must be a big deal around here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Of course! That's why it's important that we get the first draft of Seiji done to have ready to sell. But before that we need to be an official club! And that means recruiting! And that means..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Phew. It's a headache, is what it is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Takeru! Do you know anyone interested in the supernatural?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "I hardly know anyone, and I'm hardly interested in the supernatural myself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "That's okay. Hagami and I will find someone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Takeru can fudge it for us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Huh? Takeru, you could get us official club status? Do you have secret identity? Or do you have blackmail material on the student council? Or - "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er, I have a friend on the planning committee, but she's kind of a by-the-book person."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Oh..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But either way, you've got to come. Hagami and I will run an illegal booth if we have to!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...I might not be there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Sounds crowded. Too many people."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Well I've still got a couple weeks to convince you!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "But I guess that'll have to wait until tomorrow... Class is almost starting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANA: "Hagami, Takeru, you better hurry too or you'll be late. Bye!"}}