{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami and I both sit as the door slams behind Mana. I speak first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "So that blank form you put in for the festival..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Are you going to sign up with Mana's club? Or on your own?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Not sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Look, I can push Meiko a bit but I don't think she's going to accept a half-filled page from a half-baked club."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "...I'll figure it out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Thanks for not mentioning it to Mana."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "No problem."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stand and gather my things as Hagami puts down her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But she doesn't rise to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "About Hikari."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "Er, what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Hikari, last night."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "Takeru... We're you're friends. If Mana says she didn't meet anyone, she's saying that because that's what she believes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "We're not... Nobody's trying to mess with you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKERU: "That's good to know... I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As I open the door - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "And..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "If you say you met Hikari, I believe you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAGAMI: "I..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami avoids my eyes. I want to ask her what she means, but she slinks off down the hall as I hold open the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems pointless to speculate but I'd guess she had more to say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I trace my steps down the unused wing back to class, I add another item to my mental to-do list: find out exactly what Hagami knows about Hikari.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apart from Mana, it's only Kenta and Natsumi that I've seen pretending like Hikari doesn't exist. I could see Kenta being unintentionally rude like that and maybe Natsumi holds a grudge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mana might be a first-year student, but she lives in Shizukawa. Maybe she's trying to fit in with the older girls by not acknowledging the pariah? But that seems weird...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hagami, at least, is a transfer like me. If there's some reason everyone else would rather forget about Hikari, Hagami at least will give me a straight answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I should ask Meiko. Meiko wouldn't lie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll find some time after afternoon classes.}}